If i had a dollar for each time someone screamed at me in another language, i'd still have no money because i spent it on skins


Things I gave to Counter-Strike:
1. Money
2. Time
3. Love

Things Counter-Strike gave me:
1. Arthritis
2. Rage
3, Hatred of Russians,Spanish, and Russians
4. Broken keyboard
5. Broken mouse
6. 9/10 ready
7. Server crashes
8.  teammates
9. Competitive matches
10. Ez Pz" spam
11. Multilingual cursing - I guess this is a good thing?
12. Lag
13. Cheaters
14- 64 tick servers

Essentially - CS is a greedy woman

Real Huntsman" Survival Knife: $29
Virtual "Huntsman" Survival Knife: $299"

It's like roulette; fun until it turns into Russian.

IQ tests should be mandatory before being able to play matchmaking

Every team consists of 5 people:
1.You
2.Russian Guy
3.Another Russian Guy
4.Russian Guy who speaks English
5. A 6 year old kid who slept with your mother

11/10 Too much Salt and * @,not enough 
Would love to take another dose of salt and punch my little brother

Grades, ruined.
Social life, ruined.
Relationship with parents, ruined.

Virginity, saved. ( o  o)

Counter Strike: Global Offensive

Counterstrike is a game that slowly ravages and pulverizes your soul each and every time you play it.

Everyone starts with the same thoughts when they play CS:GO:

1) 'Pfft. I'm never going to spend money in game buying skins and keys, that's stupid'
2) I'm never going to get that angry, it's only a game.
3) 'Meh, doesn't look that hard'

Within a month -
Within a week -

1) Youve already have bought a P90 module skin because Oh

It's like Dota 2 but with less wizards and more Russians.

In this guide I will teach you how to play with russians , so here we go!!!
1) If your teammate did something wrong say -Ty dolbaeb?
2) If your teammate did something good say - Krasava!
3) If you won clutch round -sosat suka sosat
4) Lets rush b - idem rush b nahui (same for A/mid)
5) If something went wrong - pizdec
6) Give drop (politely) - dai drop pliz
7) Give drop (rude) - dai drop ili dam pizdi
8) I'm going to save - ja seivit'
9) If someone in other team plays good -pizdec cheater
10) Go eco guys, lets win next round with gun -eco odin raund a potom pizdi dadim s devaisami
11) When you win - gg izi
12) I'm from Russian - ja iz Rossii
13) American - pendosi
14) If you want to kick someone - kick etogo pidara
15) If teammates are thinking that you are bad -blyat pacani lagaet sorry
16) Polish - Kur.a
You can add nahui" to every phrase.
Now you can play with russians and understand them"

CS:GO is like Roulette, funny until it gets russian

Where can i get the English version?

If i had a dollar for each time someone screamed at me in another language, i'd still have no money because i spent it on skins


Your self-esteem either dies in this game or it inflates to unbearable proportions.

>see a guy
>shoot him
>miss every shot
>he turns around
>kills me in one shot
>exit cs:go

10/10


you either die a noob or live long enough to get called a hacker

Bought this game, played online, learned fluent russian 2 weeks later.

Here's what you learn and get with Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, for free!

- Rage simulator 2016
- Study Russian Language without living in Russia
- Learn how to spend hundreds of dollars on a virtual knife that doesn't exist outside your monitor
- First-hand experience of schizophrenia
- Become bipolar
- Gain a habit of changing mouse every month
- Search 144Hz monitors
- Learn whats the best way to break keyboards
- Learn a 14 years old is going to  you
- Next learn he is going to kill your family
- Think about what your kitchen knife would look like if it was put into the game
- Realize that you are going insane
- Lose several matches and get angry
- Try to relax and join another game
- Finally start winning
- Then start losing because your teammates cant keep it up
- Rage
- Punch the desk like its your arch enemy
- Bite your shirt
- Realize that you are really going insane
- Think of whats happening to you
- You have become a monster
- Find out its because of the game
- Something tells you it is best to uninstall the game
- Promise yourself you wont play it again
- After a few days you get back to normal life
- After some time you hear there's an update
- You pretend like you are not interested
- Think what could possibly go wrong if you start playing again
- Promise yourself you wont rage and go crazy again
- Install the game
- Repeat the list

Congratulations! You have successfully became a CS:GO player.

Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!"

This game is great, but it comes with a great curse.
You will experience it. I experienced it. All will experience it.
You will meet BOT Seth.
You will try to fight back. It won't matter.
BOT Seth will find you.
BOT Seth will see you through walls.
BOT Seth will shoot you through walls.
You cannot run.
You cannot hide.
You cannot win.
BOT Seth will kill you. And if you kill him, he will come back.

Your only way to escape the curse is to leave and hope he is not in your next round.
Because if he is,
you will be brutalized by his m4.

My gf asked me to choose between her or CS GO, i told her `suka blqt, idi nahui`.

Knife = free
Knife with paint on it = 200$

Knife in real life: 10$
Knife in game: 400$

10/10

Over 15 maps in casual mode...

You will only play one map...

Dust 2...

rip social life

Start playing at 6:00

Play for five minutes

Look at clock

Is 8:00

Get confused

Play for 2 hours

Go outside

Human race extinct


10/10 would time travel again

9/10 people agree this game is amazing, the other guy hasn't connected yet though

After more then 10 years , the Counter Terrorist need  a Defuse Kit to defuse a bomb with the same defuse number as all other bombs.



How To CS:GO

1.  Buy Cases

2. Buy Keys

3. Open the Cases

4. Cry Alone because you lost all your money

GabeN's way of stealing money from you legally.

Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshot by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is losing and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!

But the best the rest of the game ^^ "

DIGITAL KNIVES ACTUALLY COST MORE THAN REAL KNIVES

10/10 GOODJOB VALVE
WOULD BUY AGAIN

It doesn't matter how good you are any more, you will be judged solely on the market value of your inventory.

You should have one of your several Karambit knives equipped at all times and inspect it in game whenever possible to ensure that anybody who is spectating you is aware that you are aware you're being watched and you are absolutely showing off that extremely pricey knife you own.

Your stats are irrelevant now, most people aren't even aware that the 'Tab' key actually has a function in game. It doesn't matter if you don't know what 'eco' means. Fuck team work. You have a 'BOOM' AWP in your inventory, as long as you have $4750 cash in game you're buying an AWP.

You will mock anyone who decided to give their Nova the 'Walnut' skin. Same goes for people who give their FAMAS the 'Doomkitty' skin. You will only equip 'StatTrak' weapons and the first thing you do when you acquire one is go on an idle server and get several hundred kills on AFK players in order to pad the stats so you don't look like a total n00b.

Whenever a new case is released you will buy as many cases and keys as it takes in order to acquire 'an Exceedingly Rare Special Item!' Disregard the fact that you will end up spending three times as much as you otherwise would've by buying this directly from the market, it's only your parents' money after all. Besides, your birthday is next month and Christmas/Easter/[insert public holiday here] is just around the corner so you won't have to wait too long before you can blow more of their money on digital goods.

You will also plaster ever single skin you own with multiple unseemly stickers with the intention of creating a unique skin for your weapon. Your 'Easy Peasy' and 'Ninjas in Pyjamas' stickers totally don't look ridiculous whatsoever. You will also name tag all of your weapons in order to add that final personal touch to the weapon you invested so much time and money in. You don't own an AK or an M4 any more, you only own weapons with names like 'xXx OG Snoop Dogg' and 'dubstep warrior'.

You now have all the knowledge required to start playing CS:GO. Go forth and procure many skins of great value.

Got A+ on my Russian exam.

Fastest Way to learn Russian

You can set the water on fire.
You can survive gunshots to the head.
You can tank a grenade from point-blank and still survive.
You can chase chickens.
Chickens can(t) chase you.
You can only kill a fish if you throw a nade in the water. Shooting them with guns of any caliber will not harm them at all (Why no fish scales-made armor?! )
You can fall from 20 meters and still run perfectly fine after that.
You can get shot in your arm and still be 100% accurate.
You can lose all of your money(real money,for skins) and not get anything good.
Digital knives actually cost more than real knives.
You can lose your mind.
You can't swim.
Chickens.
10/10

I play CS:GO since Novemeber 2013 and it's one of the best Counter Strike's made. I played nearly 10 years CS:S and it was hard to get into the new CS but its worth. Pretty good game :)

CS GO in a nutshell:
ANGRY RUSSIAN:  blyat
GUY THAT HATES RUSSIANS: STFU stooped russian
ANGRY RUSSIAN: Idi nahui american kid
GUY THAT HATES RUSSIANS: PUTIN PUTIN PUTIN
ANGRY RUSSIAN: OBAMA OBAMA OBAMA
GUY THAT HATES RUSSIANS: FU stooped freak
ANGRY RUSSIAN: 
Random guy: This game is so cool
''Random guy got Banned for inappropriate language''
10/10 (sorry for dem bad wordz )

This game is:

10% luck
20% skill
15% concentrated power of will
5% pleasure
50% pain
and 100% reason to purchase this game

I'm bored and have slow internet. Might as well make a review. I don't even know if this IS a review.

> spends 1 hour writing this
> nobody reads
> :c

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a pretty great game.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

First things first, the basic rules.

In CS:GO, you have the choice to play five official gamemodes:

-Arms Race
-Deathmatch
-Demolition
-Casual
-Competitive

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Summary of gamemodes:

In Arms Race, the player gets weapons not by the money, but by killing people. Each two kills get you a new weapon. At the final stage of the weapon, you will get the Gold Knife. Kill someone with it, and you win.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Deathmatch, yes. In Deathmatch, it is like a warm-up" or "practice" mode. For me

The beautiful logic of cases.
Search on Youtube CSGO knife unboxing".
Get yourself hyped about the videos you see.
Try yourself.
Get 1 purple and 99 blues

How Comp. in CS:GO works
> You're so happy, your entire team is made up of Russians, you know since they are Russian they must be good
> You're winning 13:0, so excited, going to get a 16:0
> Enemy team wins one round. Calm down, you'll get them next time!
> Enemy team wins
> Exit CS:GO
> Uninstall CS:GO

How Casual in CS:GO works
> Everyone on team dies from the hacker" AWP that keeps killing you
> Last guy with 0 kills and 6 deaths is alive
> Know you're gonna lose this
> Last guy kills everyone on other team


How unboxing works
> Buy a few keys

I bought this game for the chickens, and was not disappointed. After exploring the countless lands the chickens have traveled far and wide, I realized their population was growing too large. The chickens had started to inhabit such horrid locations across the world, such as nuclear plants, and offices without cafeterias. I knew what had to be done. I bought a flip knife off of the steam market, and called PETA. I listened to In the Arms of an Angel in my Microsoft Professional Deluxe Gaming Chair 360 for about twelve hours with no response, so, I decided to take matters into my own hands. I loaded up de_nuke and started to put the chickens out of their misery. I cried harder that night than I have ever before.

The next morning, with tears in my eyes, I loaded up Counter-Strike: Global Chicken, and I saw a new item waiting in my inventory. My Flip Knife had turned into a Flip Knife Slaughter. At that moment, I realized what a horrible thing I had done.
With my hand shaking, I navigated my mouse, and uninstalled Counter-Strike: Global Chicken.

I regret everything I have done. I am writing this review to warn you about the chickens, and to let you know I have made a full recovery, and that I have started my new journey in Goat Simulator. Thank you, and farewell.

Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!"

Got called a Hacker, Best moment in my life



Played for 2 days, already got a russian girlfriend!










  !

In this game you are a Terrorist or elite Counter-Terrorist who has never fired a gun in their life before a round starts. You must help your character learn how to control their guns while killing enemies. Strangely, each character has the mysterious power to fire one or two shots without ridiculous recoil by very briefly jerking in the opposite direction they are moving in.

When your character wears a Kevlar vest, every part of your character, except the head, are made out of steel. Therefore, the only way to quickly kill people is to shoot them in the head. This can be annoying at first, but you will soon get used to shooting a small smudge of pixels on top of a character's body.

The Goddess of Guns can materialize guns in your character's hands a few seconds before a round starts. However, your character must pay for the guns, which have vastly overinflated prices. When you have the right amount of money, the Goddess will flash a menu in your character's eyes, allowing them to select the guns they want. More advanced users can make guns materialize out of thin air with their mind as long as they have the right amount of money.

Maps are often about evil terrorists trying to bomb deserted places. Vandalism is a very serious crime in the Counter-Strike series, so elite Counter-Terrorists are deployed to stop them. Unfortunately for the Terrorists, they are dumb and only packed one bomb. However, the Counter-Terrorists do not know how to pick up a dropped bomb, so the Terrorists can still pick it up after it is dropped by a fallen friend.

In some maps, the terrorists have kidnapped a janitor and low-level desk jockey in a building. The Counter-Terrorists have been deployed to save one, not both, of the hostages. In reality, this is just a thinly-veiled excuse for the CTs to murder the Terrorists while pumping rounds into the invincible hostages. One weird thing about hostage maps is that you can purchase a Hostage Rescue Kit"

Best game ever since cs 1.6.

Competitive in a nutshell:

-Atleast 1 Russian
-4 People calling one of another a hacker
-Two raging because they lost a single round
-1 Guy or more with a Clan-Tag
-50% chance to encounter a kid with a microphone
and of course
-The guy, who just plays for fun.

1.Plays 100 games to get exp to level 3
2. waits 20 minute to find comp game. last player doesnt join
3. get called noob by russian team and 9 year-old kid (screaming at his mum)
4. breaks keyboard
5. buys expensive pixels to seem like a pro.
6. Watches war owl 24/7 to know basic skill.
7. Gets good
8. called smurf
9. learns russian

10/10


I slowly look at the luminescent green dial of my wristwatch, which tells me it is 5:46, am. Damn.
Another night of Insomnia.

I sit up in my bed, and listen to the soft hum of my Radeon HD 7870 GHz Edition, as her fans slowly cool the surface of her brilliant silicon plates. The only light in this room comes from the electric blue glow of my keyboard, and the azure LEDs in my Razer Abyssus.

I press a button, and the display of a 23 inch, 1080p IPS monitor lights up, colors shifting and changing in psychedelic pattens, chromatic waves of light bluring and stabilizing to send an image within my mind.

My desktop stares back at me; the only icon the Recycle bin. I move my eyes to the Taskbar, where the icons for Windows Explorer, Star Citizen, Mozilla Firefox, and lastly Steam return my gaze.

I click on Steam, and watch as a loading bar appears. The light from the moniter shines brilliantly on my face, and if I look closely into it, I can see myself reflected in the crystal surface, eyes staring deep into a mad realm of pixels and insomnia.

Steam finally loads. Oh, what's this? There's a sale on? Ah, too bad; I only have one cent in my wallet. I click the library tab in a futile attempt to find meaning.

My list of games appears, showing me hints of open doors into new worlds, strange and wonderful. What path sould I choose? Should I join battle with Dragons, in the strage land of the Nords? Or, perhaps, I should launch the StarCitizen hangar module, and lust after a dream of flight, a game not yet finished.

Ah, but here it is; Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. How many hours have I thus spent within you, oh CS:GO? You have been the reason for many nights without sleep, many days of ragequits, many days of fun and sadness. I pull out a calculator from somewhere on my desk: dividing one thousand, eight hundred and eighty-five hours by twenty-four tells me that I've been within this game for seventy-eight point five days so far. Damn.

The game begins loading, and I hear the soft hum of GPU fans, and the silent sound of the sunrise, far beyond the single window of my room.

_


Ah, where was I? I guess I feel alseep for a second there. Skip the intros, enter main menu, searc- Wait, what? 20 friends online? But, it's like 6 am... Oh, right, timezones. Eh, I might as well invite all these people.

Well, I guess I didn't want to play with them anyway. Green light fills my room, I press accept, and wait for the ninth player. Who, it seems, never can figure out what the big glowing green button actually means. Oh well, it just found another match anyway.

Well, third time's the chram, right? I guess not. Fourth time does it, and we're away. Cue loading screen, begin meaningless text I've seen only a few thousand times before.

I get up, walk towards the kitchen, and only trip twice on miscellaneous paraphernalia in the dark hallways. The bleak windows of the room greet me: pale dawn, gray clouds and black trees visible through their panes. The neon numerals of the microwave tell the time as 6:07. I search the pantry and refr!gerator, but find nothing of value.

I lower my standards and try again, this time coming up with a few tastless cookies of some kind. I begin a pilgrimage to whence I came.

The last stars of night grow cold and die; as color once again spreads over the sky. Monitor glow, winter snow, cybernetic flow.

My quest now complete, with prize in hand, I return to my chair. 0's and 1's stream across a fiberoptic gulf of space, connecting people hundreds of miles apart in a beautiful lattice of data, all for my enjoyment. I begin the first round, and purchase a FN Five-Seven and a Flashbang grenade.

I move over to long A, and hold my sights on the old wooden doors. An insurgent sprints through the open door, firing his Glock-18 as fast as he can, his bullets hitting the wal beside my head.

I pull the trigger, a volcanic plume of hot gas propelling a one gram lead alloy projectile at twice the speed of sound into the side of his head; The FN 5.728mm armor piercing round delivering a fatal 540 Joules of energy. The neon Stattrak display mounted on the left side of my Case Hardened Five-Seven increases by one, and a bright flare from the muzzle reflects its light in the cold metal of a name tag, the words NOT ON MY WATCH" silently mocking those fools who fall by my pistol

Playing Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you keep on doing it.

Ever since buying this game, I have:
+Learned very fluent Russian and I'm able to communicate with other Russians
+Never seen the sunlight since I bought it
+Lost all of my friends
+Spent almost $1000 on virtual pixels
+Learned how many immature 12 year olds have ed my mother
+Learned, that if you have no skins - you're either noob, or a smurf
+Died from the inside of all the P90s and autosnipers!

Thanks to this guy for his idea.
His original review[i.gyazo.com]

*10 yr old teammate shoots me in the leg on purpose*
Kid: Sorry
Me: np

*I shoot 10 yr old teammate accidently*
Me: sorry
Kid: ING TEAMKILLER

*Vote Kick has been initiated*
*You have been voted off*

Ruined my life, 5 Stars.

veri gud gaem plei evryday kill trrorists
pew pew brep brep

Hello and welcome, new player.
Allow me to reveal some of the likely outcomes of you purchasing this game:

The 'Cannon Fodder' (40% of all players) - Never really good enough to make it past Nova 3, constantly flaming, talking sh it, changing their names and pictures to things increasingly racist, blaming hackers, smurfs, lag and weapon choice of oponents for just what is a mixture of adderall exhausted reflexes and having a shi tty gaming rig from 2002, frame dropping on source games.
Can be easily identified by it's trademark defence mechanism, when being called out for being bad the Cannon Fodder will attempt to convince it's team it has been 'Trolling' all along.

Habitat: Dust2

The 'Enthusiasts' (30% of all players) - A wide range of Skillsets from Nova Master to around Legendary Eagle, these players can perform consistantly and at least show a basic level of human decency,  most of them will give an unenthusastic hand job for $2.49USD because they feel they are 'due for a knife' or because 'my friend told me he had a feeling' Will one day be doing unspreakable things for a japenese businessman on a glass coffee table to pay off gambling debts that can be traced directly back to a greedy cu nt and his case racket.

Habitat: Dust2, Nuke, Mirage, Cache

The 'C unts' (15% of all players) - A curious breed, come in two distinct flavours 'Hacker' and i mean legit hacker, not hacker because he saw your shadow in bedroom on dust2 and prefired you, you fuc king mook, These are players who either used to or almost fit into the 'Enthusiast Category' and were turned into soulless, spineless dic kbags who cannot win on skill or merit. The other flavour, less cancerous but just as annoying 'Smurfs' people who play at levels far beneath there skill to boost their friends, ruin other peoples day for the joy of being a cu nt or to boost their dwindling ego that is one Sylvia Plath poem away from a stomach full of painkillers in the bathtub.

Habitat: Dust2, Nuke, Mirage, Cache, Train, Overpass, Inferno, Cobblestone, Office, Assault, Any Operation Maps

The 'Pros' (15% of all players) - Professional Esports player OR someone who has played enough CS (usually in excess of 1500 hours - 9 weeks to us humans) to get to a level where they know every smoke, every flash, every angle, every strat on every map and to you i say kudos, kudos on mastering a video game to the point you know it as well as your mothers disappointed face when she looks at you knowing that while normal people are studying, working or contributing to society in someway, you were hunched over your keyboard for the 7th straight hour of the day, mouth breathing in pleasure as that voice says 'Counter Terrorists Win'

Habitat: Mothers basement

11/10 would play again.

The thought process of this game
>This game is fun
>I want to play competitive
>I'm in silver
>Thats cool, I can get better
>Oh im nova now!
>Im Mg now
>This isnt as fun
>Dmg
>This isnt fun
>Le
>Why am I playing
>Supreme
>I cant stop
>Global
>End my suffering
>Esea
>Why
>Esea Tournaments
>Why
>Competitions
>Stop
>Majors
>END ME
>Update comes along
>Im silver 2

10/10

 blyat simulator 2015

9/11 - IGN

How do i aim down sight

EDIT: it has been years and the devs do not update the game with iron sights or a sprint feature...

EDIT2: I have finally reached global elite but I see no option to reset my rank and start over. Is this happening to anyone else?

EDIT3: I cant set a loadout when i go into a game. I also cant see any perks. Glitch?

EDIT4: After 3000 hours i finally got my 100th awp kill, but did not unlock an attachment for the weapon. Do i need 150 kills? I just want extended mags honestly.

EDIT5: I decided to get some skins, but they are not adding any stat boosts to my guns.  Where is the microtransaction to add stats?

I shoot bullets at a person, and they die from it.

Sometimes they do not.

Sometimes they shoot me.

Very deep storytelling.


1- Bomb has been planted"
2- Presses and holds TAB.
3- 1v5.

420/10."

How to get an expensive knife:
Step 1: You don't.

Hope this helps!

Counter-Strike: Angry Russians and Screaming American kids.

kush

10/10 would spend 100 on keys again so I can relive the experience of getting 20 galil sandstorms

Loads of hackers, horrible ranking system, toxic players. Love it! 10/10

This game has the best Chicken AI of gaming history.
10/10 would knife those chickens again.

Great way to lose all confidence you had in yourself and the confidence in your team, whilst being called a Noob in more languages then you will understand, and be laughed at because you still run default skins.

10/10 Would recommend to family and friends

Things I gave to Counter-Strike:
1. Money
2. Time
3. Love

Things Counter-Strike gave me:
1. Arthritis
2. Rage
3, Hatred of Russians,Spanish, and Russians
4. Broken keyboard
5. Broken mouse
6. 9/10 ready
7. Server crashes
8. Retar_d teammates
9. Competitive matches
10. Ez Pz" spam
11. Multilingual cursing - I guess this is a good thing?
12. Lag
13. Cheaters
14- 64 tick servers

Essentially - CS is a greedy woman

The Average Player Story:
Buys CSGO
Installs
Opens
Plays Some Casual
Gets Good At It
Sees Skins
Puts $5 On Steam
Buys An Ak Skin And An M4 Skin
Sees More Skins
Buys More
Finds Comp
Wonders Why He Dies Becuase It Is Not Casual Where You Get Defuse And Armour etc
Hates Comp
Goes Back To Casual
Hates Hackers
Buys More Skins
Goes To Comp
Understand What He Is Doing
Loves Comp And Hates Casual
Buys More Skins To This Day

THE END (BTW This Was My Story Lol)
10/10 Overall A Great Game If Coming From TF2 And Cod

This game is so good for your education.
I've learned more russian while playing this game for 2 months,
than in my entire life.



This game taught me how to be racist.

I spent 400 bucks for nothing but blues
I still cant aim right
I almost never played outside of Dust 2
I had so many sleepless nights
I hate every country and all living beings
I havent improved , many mistakes I did
I have heard so many screams
I've been always AWP'd when going mid
I knifed so many chickens
I played in servers with awful ticks
I saw women outside of the kitchen
Oh wait, its just a pervert dude with girl pics
I got fps lows at the worst time
Lag when I wanted none
Many brazilians who were edgy to the line
All my pride is gone
And no matter how many rounds I beat
How cool I am in the middle of the heat
How many matches I win
I will never be Global Elite

Buy it to your friends, family and children beach.

Holiday updates make the chickens that roam around the maps dress up.

10/10

If This game was a potato it would be a good potato.

CSGO is a near-perfect multiplayer shooter. Unlike the previous versions, which were often difficult to get in to, this one offers a variety of modes that will appeal to all skill levels. It has a large community and a well supported workshop, ensuring that this discount-priced game will be around for years to come.

In short, you either play as the good or bad guys and must either kill the other team or complete objectives to win the round, which will earn you more money to do the same thing again but faster. It's been around for years and has spawned many imitators.

The game isn't much of a looker as it is based on the same engine as the original Half Life 2 was. However, Valve have polished it as much as they can and the community consists of lots of awesome mappers who have been churning out brilliantly imaginative and beautiful maps almost on a daily basis.

Is it worth getting if you already own Counter Strike: Source? Yes. CSS was always Counter Strike shoe-horned into the Source engine. CSGO feels far more like a standalone game. Valve have very carefully listened to what people have wanted and have made a very appealing game. The best feature must be the competitive play. You cannot leave these matches or you'll suffer a temporary ban from the feature. After 10 wins in this mode you'll be ranked and will be paired up with people of the same skill, meaning that the game is challenging but fair regardless of your skill level. These matches are exciting, occasionally scary or frustrating, but are the most rewarding part of the game and improving your rank is one of the most satisfying experiences in any video game, ever.

There are all kinds of teams and communities that you can join. Really, if I was stuck on a desert island with one game this would most likely be my top choice. It's bigger than you can hope to conquer and has a huge community around it which will likely be around for years to come, something that can't be said for the Call of Duty franchise which is probably its closest rival. Remember that those games are full price and have another one churned out each year, fragmenting the community. Plus you can customise your weapon skins in CSGO. Surely that's the most important feature?! All they need to add now are hats and you might as well live in CSGO.

When People Say This Game Is Bad...

I'm Globally Offended.

YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

0.03+2.49=0.03

Dust 2 : Global Offensive

1.)case drop
2.)buy key
3.)open case
4.)wants extraordinary wep or knife
5.)got common wep
6.)buy more cases and keys
7.)got more common weps
8.)rage
9.)repeat

11/10 well done gaben
would buy again



Its a good game if you enjoy:
Teamwork
Fast paced
Russians
Shooters

Rage
Ranking systems
 
 

I came to this game for my fetish of chickens.  When playing the  game,  I realised that not every map has chickens on it, so I slowly got angrier with the game... The lack of chickens boiled my blood. CSGO made me angry, Until, I found my dream love, Deathmatch. A Chicken on any map, right then.. I'd kick the bots, and chase  the chickens around for hours. Ah, It was so pleasurable, How I would do it for hours on end. The chickens are perfect.  I play this game for hours on end, and the chickens never disapointment me now,  Oh Chickens, how you are my one true love. I can't focus at school anymore..  I only think about chickens, on the way home from school there is a KFC, I walk past it every day, I think of chickens, One time, I literally stopped, and took a fap to one of the  chickens. Ah,  It was so good.
Chickens
I love them
Oh Chickens
THANK YOU GABEN
5/5 I love chickens.

>Open case
>Want asiimov
>Got bizon
> the end

10/10 never open case again

Don't let the ranking system fool you, everyone is silver.

I don't know what else to write so here's a CS:GO Match Making cake recipe:

250 Grams of Butter
4 Eggs (your team)
100 grams of your own tears (salted)
1 tbsp of Salt
Another tbsp of Salt
More salt??
A cup of salt (salted)
You know what?
Just add the entire ing shaker in there
Dried ocean water (just the salt)
Blood of a sacrificial lamb
Papa Smurf's hat

1) Draw your pentagram on the ground, using the Lamb's blood.
2) Chant you prayers to Gabe
3) You only need to preheat the oven to 10 degrees because everyone is already baked as 
4) Enjoy your cake! Why is it blue you ask? Why that's because it's the only thing Gabe will give you! Blues!

666/10. Would sell my soul if I had one.




You play this game.

You're apparently either a hacker or you're trash.

You get voted off for not moving for one second.

You join a competitive match with that one person spamming the Nazi Anthem.

You learn how many children ed your mother.

You learn Russian faster than you can learn your native language.

You get a Russian girlfriend.

You please Gaben with your wallet.

10/10 - Could make a mildly autistic list about this game all day.

competitive
4 wild russians appear
 BLYAT
GeT_KiCkEd for not being russian
5/5

If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them.
If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone.
If you don't have the game to play, get money for it.
If you don't have the money for it, get a job.
If you don't have a job, rob a bank.
If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.

wow i totally hit that guy wtf

Erm. Go buy it. Buy 3 copies of it. Rotate your accounts as you get MM cooldowns for the inevitable rage. Find a friendly server with a good community. Don't buy keys.

Seriously Don't Buy Keys.




Really.

I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe on how to play Counter-Strike: Global Offensive instead:

1 Overpriced branded gaming mouse (best results with Razer)
1 Overpriced branded gaming keyboard (best results with Razer)
1 Giant mouse pad 50cm+ (because who the  uses the imperial system)
1 144hz monitor (note: anything lower than 144hz will NOT work)
1 1/4 cups milk
1 Prebuilt Gaming computer (preferably one with a overpowered cpu and a  gpu *cough* ayy lmaolienware *cough*
3 cans of phresh memes

Steps:
1. Set your screen ratio to 4:3 and to the lowest resolution possible so you can play like a pro
2. Buy a P90 and spam the keys A and D when shooting at someone
3. Reach Gold Nova 1 to make fun of silvers
5. Call everyone who is less skilled than you a filthy casual and a silver
6. Tell everyone who is more skilled than you to stop toggling and to go on a VACation
7. Steal your mum/dad's wallet and buy a knife and say you unboxed it. Optional University/College funds
8. Give up and go play on some Surf/Zombie servers
9. Realise there is no Step 4

*Lost a competitive match.
Me: Okay calm down

Spend so much time on this Game
played good and bad games
got rank up and deranked
open cases get common weapons
became frustrating because of Hackers
became frustrating because of Trolls
became frustrating because of Noobs
Delete Game
sold all skins !
1 hour later install Game
Played 1 Game ...Rank up
Buy new skins
Play again...

10/10

I rate this game 8 out of 10 russians.

This game has been planned perfectly.

Gabe's plan has worked perfectly.

I have unboxed around 3,400 cases so far and gotten 12 knives.
I have spent around $16,000 on this game so far and still play like .
I have played over 300 competitive matches and am still a Silver.
Every matchmaking team I get is a team of Russians who like saying " and have a grudge against Obama and have a microphone that sounds like a cat trying to gargle shards of glass.

I will keep on unboxing cases

Best chicken chasing simulator of 2016

This game ruined my life.
10/10

Don't try to win. You'll lose.
Try to lose. You'll win.
10/10 Matchmaking

-Opens game
-Buys cases
-400 blues later
-Searchs for casual

Finds:
Kid spamming dank memes music
Russian guy yelling at kid
9 year old asking for skins
Russian guy yelling at 9 year old
Russian guy clutches last round then dies to bomb
Russian guy yells I still have knife so fu*k you" and leaves match


99/10 would casual again"

>be at school
>have headphones in
>headphones come unplugged
>whole class panics as a hail of gunfire is heard followed by the message that the bomb has been planted
>suspended for a week
>was totally worth it
I rate it 9/11 on a scale of 5/4

Bought this game for the storyline 10/10

will never get a rank up. 10/10

If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.

Ingredients:
1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter
2. 1/2 cup white sugar
3. 1/2 cup brown sugar
4. 1/4 cup water
5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
6. 1 pinch salt
7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced
8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.
3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.
4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.
5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.
6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.

All features ripped from Hello Kitty Online. 4/20 -Volkswagen

Counter-Strike is one of the most popular franchises of our gaming culture and is probably the most famous team-based multiplayer shooter of all-time. The first version came out 1999 which means it's been out for quite some time and it's still growing t'ill this day. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CSGO) is the latest addition to the game series and also the most successful one so far. I believe that there are three reasons for it's main success. The first reason is primarily because it greats new players well to an environment already filled with veterans. A great example is the games matchmaking system for competitive players which places you with others that are the same skill level. The second reason is how well they managed to implement new weapons and features to the game without destroying it's original charm. It's still the same game from 1999 but with slightly more diversity and variation which enhances the gameplay even more. The third reason is the ability to customize your items appearance, thanks to a community driven workshop and marketplace. The game gets regularly updates which usually feature new items and maps made partly by the developers, but more importantly by the community. You will have lots of fun and tense moments both casually and competitively and I highly recommend playing this game.

When I was young, tragedy struck my neighborhood when a bomb went off in a local park. I lost my dear uncle in that accident. Along with my pet cat, two hamsters, one very courageous gold fish, my tickle-me elmo doll, and all of my foil Yu-Gi-Oh cards. It was the first time I experienced tragedy and despair, feelings that cut so deep I vowed to exact revenge upon whoever did this.
I trained every day, running 25 miles a week, lifting weights in 15 pound increments, taking protein supplements as well as spending the majority of my weekends at the firing range. I enlisted in the military, only to be turned down because I was only a kid."
Then

SAID THAT I AM FROM RUSSIA
@
GOT AN INSTAKICK

11/10 BEST COMMUNITY OUT OF THERE! WOULD PLAY AGAIN!

Must buy if you love FPS games!

This game is all about personal progression, since it comes with a high learning curve, it's not about unlocking some stupid grip or scope for your gun. It's about you, that has to learn.

The game is updated almost once a week with new features and content, Match Making is great when you are playing with friends.

The real game for people that love to play competitively, with a team or just solo.

There are also casual game modes available for the people that don't like to play competitively, such as Arms Race, Deathmatch, Hostage and Defusual missions which can be played on casual style, or mostly known as public or community servers. These modes are great to learn the game, and improve your play.


Pros.
 Match Making.
 Skill levels and ranks, play against players of your own skill level.
 Competitive scene, with ladders and tournaments.
 The CS feeling, transition from older CS games to CS:GO isn't that hard.
 Most old maps from CS, are in the game.
 No perks and other unnecessary clutter.
 Great spectator sport, easily to understand and interesting to watch!
 No pay to win model, all items are purely cosmetic.


Cons.
 Match Making 64 tick servers stability could be improved.
 Game could use some optimization here and there.
 Cheaters now and then, but that's online gaming for you.
 RiP Desert Eagle, as we once knew it.

If you are looking to improve your aim skills, try out these maps.
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=243702660
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=330746573
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=379868494

This game is so cool. I really like competitive mode! It features amazing maps like: de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, de_dust2, AND de_dust2!

no but seriously this game sucks, you can't wear guns on your heads like hats.
2/10
Like Call of Duty with guns!""

Your #1 Russian teacher

This game is awesome and features many different maps, some of those inclue: de_dust 2,  de_dust 2,  de_dust 2,   de_dust 2,   de_dust 2,   de_dust 2,   de_dust 2, and don't forget about de_dust.

Sliver I = Do you know the alphabet?
Sliver II = First time touching PC?
Sliver III = Did you quit all games?
Sliver IV = First time playing shooter game?
Sliver Elite = Go play Call of Duty, this is not for you!
Sliver Elite Master = Bad internet/low fps?
Gold Nova I = You can't play, but you are also not a !
Gold Nova II = Not THAT bad!
Gold Nova III = Okay i guess?
Gold Nova Master = You are getting used to it!
Master Guardian I = You know the basics of the game!
Master Guardian II = You can call yourself an above the average" player!
Master Guardian Elite = You can call yourself a good Counter-Strike player!
Distinguished Master Guardian = Counter-Strike master!
Legendary Eagle = WALL HACK!
Legendary Eagle Master = WALL + AIM HACK!
Supreme Master First Class = COLLECTION OF HACKS OWNER!
Global Elite = PREMIUM HACKs 20$ /f0rest with the whole NiP team

20-ROUND RELIABLE AND ACCURATE HANDGUN CAPABLE OF SHOOTING IN BURST-FIRE MODE = 300$
SET OF PLIERS (DEFUSE KIT) = 400$

Incendiary Greane (Purpose engineered Greande) = $850
Molotov (Glass Bottle

When People Say This Game Is Bad...

I'm Globally Offended.

YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

Throughout the 740 hours I have played, I have not met one person that has not

- Appartently slept with my mother
- Cursed me for stealing a kill then proceeding to teamkill me
- Screamed  YOU ING  NOOOB" in about 50 different languages including R'lyehian
- Asked me for my skins or an awp
- Threatened to come to my house and slash my throat with a kitchen knife

10/10 would waste 2 years of my life again"

Types of CSGO players you may encounter in competitive:

- The Rager
- The fight till the end dude
- The Solo player
- The carrier
- The blamer

Types of CSGO player you may encounter in all other gamemodes:

- The DJ
- The one who went in bed with your mom
- Angry people who scream at the DJ

I only got this game because everyone literally forced me to get it, so I got it, I played it. It was good in the beginning, until I started playing competitive, and why is that?
Well as I walked into my first competitive match, I got into a match with 4 Russians on my team, and enemy team consisted of 3 Russians and 2 Americans that only spoke Russian. When the game started I walked 4 steps towards mid and got instantly sniped through doors, and that was a teammate! My team lost half their players before we met the enemy...So after that game I came to the conclusion that all the Russians wanted was to  my blyat.

Pros:
+Great maps, especially when they're filled with Russians!
+I got A+ in Russian after owning this game for a week.
+I can now insult my friends in Russian because they don't understand !
+I finally fit in(This review is more about my life than the actual game)

Cons:
-Russians, duh
-Russians with guns!
-democracy!!!
-Screaming Russians
-Not enough Russians

I wonder how many dislikes I can get by saying this?

Beautiful game. First bullet accuracy of rifles is completely perfect, as is the miniscule RNG factor which doesn't affect anything at all.
Dedicated servers with more than 10 people don't have hit registration or choke/latency issues in the slightest.
Community is filled with mentally stable, rational, humble players dedicated to having fun while improving, not merely ranking up and flaming enemies and/or teammates.
VAC is literally flawless on this game, never before have I encounted someone who I think twice about being absolutely 100% legitimate.
CS:GO developers have truly pruned this game into the best FPS of all time with their consistent efforts into listening to the community, bringing regular updates, game balancing patches and exciting new operations into Counter-Strike: Global Offensive.

Also goes well while coming down from a weeklong amphetamine induced psychosis. Never before has yelling at a computer game been so thrilling!

If you don't want to be bullied by everyone in competitive:
1. Mute your mic.
2. Get rid of your profile picture.
3. Blend your computer piece by piece.
4. Scrape up the ashes into a little box,
5. Dig a grave (6 ft. minimum)
6. Throw the box into the grave.
7. Fill the hole with cement and concrete.
8. RUN.

*takes 10 hours to get to level 3*
*finally gets to level 3*
*enters comp like a badass*
*realizes that the opponent team are all smurfs*
*loses game*
*tryhard next game*
*ranked up to dmg*
*plays with friends who are gold novas and loses*
*deranks to gold nova*
*gets banned for a week for not joining fast enough in a game*

10/10 would buy again.

This game ruined my life, I tried to defuse the microwave when there was 1 second left and my cat exploded. I asked Gaben for a Knife but he gave me a bizon. 10/10 would defuse again.

JUST NICE

It's like masturbating but with a glove on, its rough for the first couple times, but you get use to it after awhile.

totally worth the redness.

I used this game to practice my bomb planting so that I wouldn't be nervous when trying out for ISIS.

I made the group!
10/10 would practice with this simulator again.

this game is like a drug

you're tempted not to buy it

but you get peer pressured by your friends

so you decided to buy it

when you first did it, it felt pretty good

but then you realize the health hazards and decided to quit after awhile

however after awhile you got restless and decided to come back

you eventually stop sleeping for 2 months and die of sleep deprivation

drugs are bad
cs go is a drug
dont do cs go kids



Don't Pay Hundreds Of Bucks To Schools To Teach Your kids Languages,,just pay 15$. and your son will learn every possible language there is from this game!

Makes you feel rich by just having a knife.



22/10 would play.

Keep Low
Move Fast
Kill First
Die Last
One Shot
One Kill
No Luck
Pure Skill
10/10

You can shoot people and stuff it's pretty fun I guess. Though one time a Russian dude said I smelled like cucumbers and it was very offputting. Also people make fun of my voice and ask me if I'm a girl, then proceed to add me on Steam and one man sent me a picture of his private parts. Was very awkward, but the game is very fun to play.

played counter-strike for 15 years, now I pay money to kill chickens ,

11/10 would go KFC again

You shoot people, sometimes they die, sometimes you die. 10/10

Also: Best country hate simulator.

The premier knife collecting simulator

Was crap at it.
Got fairly decent.
Got guns online.
Betted them.
won $240 worth of guns in the space of 3 days.
Bought some games with some of the guns i got, i sold and kept a few of the guns i won from the bets.
Went online owned with the guns i got from the bets.
Had beggers asking for guns.
Told them to 'F**k off squeeky c*unts.
Got banned online for a week cause my tea was ready and i couldnt be botherd eating cold mash and and sausages so i exited the game.
Oh and not enough english people

This game effectively ruined my social life.

I'm not gonna be one of those case-opening addicts

1. Sale begins, Hackers are buying 5 cs:go copies and start smurfing.
2. get mad over hackers.
3. sell whole inventory underpriced in the market and quit cs:go.
4. wait 3month.
5. Friends telling me less hackers ingame, Ban Wave bla bla, so fun etc etc...
6. start playing some MM again, first 10 Games no hackers.
7. spend 100 bucks on keys, items and operation pass.
8. ???
9.  my name is gaben

I don't know what to say about this game, so here is a recipe for pancakes,

Ingredients:

4tbsp plain flour (about 100g)
1 large free range egg
 pint semi-skimmed milk + water (about 300ml -  milk  water)
Pinch of salt
Butter for frying
How to make pancakes:
Sieve the flour and salt into a large bowl and make a well in the mixture.

Break in the egg and stir to make a breadcrumby mix.

In a jug add 1/3 of a pint of milk and top up with water to make 1/2 a pint (200ml milk, 100ml water) - this makes a lovely light batter.

Add the milk and the water mix bit by bit, beating constantly to avoid lumps.

Tip:*If you have a food processor just throw all the ingredients in and zap until smooth!

Pop a large frying pan over a medium heat.

Add a large knob of butter (roughly 50g) and melt.

Pour the excess butter into a small bowl and reserve it for later.

Using a ladle pour a spoonful of the pancake batter into the hot pan and swirl to get a full covering - cook for about 1 min each side (it's ready when it's easy to flip over).

Serve immediately with sugar and lemon or other exciting toppings. We love cheese and Marmite for an extra British twist! Delicious!!

Its a game where I spend hours getting guy's loads sprayed all over my face and chest. Sometimes more then one guy at a time.

this game ruined my life,  i almost killed my mom during competitive because of russians and gabe took all of my money
10/10 would play again

Kill someone with a P90 - You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

The RAGE Simulator is REAL

Copied review."

If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.

Ingredients:
1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter
2. 1/2 cup white sugar
3. 1/2 cup brown sugar
4. 1/4 cup water
5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
6. 1 pinch salt
7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced
8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie

Directions:
1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.
3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.
4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.
5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.
6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.

Best way to learn russian.

its ok

Things I gave to Counter-Strike:
1. Money
2. Time
3. Love

Things Counter-Strike gave me:
1. Arthritis
2. Rage
3, Hatred of Russians,Spanish, and Russians
4. Broken keyboard
5. Broken mouse
6. 9/10 ready
7. Server crashes
8.  teammates
9. Hatred of Autos & P90s
10. Competitive matches
11. Ez Pz" spam
12. Multilingual cursing - I guess this is a good thing?
13. Lag
14. Cheaters
15- 64 tick servers

Essentially - CS is a greedy woman

Best point and click game.

If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them.
If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone.
If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it.
If you don't have the money for it, get a job.
If you don't have a job, rob the bank.
If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.

CS:GO in a nutshell>Get your rank after 10 games
>Open some cases and buy cheap skins
>Win some games with them buy more skins
>Have good action with ak"

the book is better, 9/11 would bomb again

Kill someone with a P90 - You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a  ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

The RAGE Simulator is REAL"

I can finally add 900 hours of baby sitting autists to my resume.

EDIT: For best experience smurf or queue with 5 people.
EDIT 2: I don't think the devs play their own game.

Counter Strike: Global Offensive, the remake of the classic CS games and not to our surprise, the devs did a good job. One of the lovely things about it, that of had not been kept I seriously doubt the game would be as popular as it is currently, it keeps the mechanics from the classic CS and CS:S and adds a few of it's own, that the original CS and CS:S games could have done with. CSs weak point was always the graphics, the original games were based of the HL1 engine, which I am sure all you are aware is reasonably old, although its added a new range of updated maps, including two operations. The most recent being Operation Bravo in which a number of maps were added to the game as DLC. And once again, Valve have decided to take the generous approach to this, an example is that if the lobby leader has the Operation Bravo pass, and no one else does, everyone can play Op. Bravo, good job Valve, you did it again. What was missing/wrong with this game has been fixed by Valve, which is fantastic. Items have been added, you can have gun camos which is an nifty feature, although many think it's turning into TF2, which is a valid point, but Valve need there money, if you take a look at the price of the game, its not exactly the same as COD (ew) which has a hefty price tag of 40 ($60 I think) and CSGO managed to do fine at 12, which I think is $15 in the US.


Sadly I did not play the original CS, I have however obviously seen gameplay, and watched friends play it. I have played a small amount of CS:S and compared it to CSGO, which was considerably easy, some of the main differences are simply that the problems that those games have/had have been completely eradicated from CSGO which is brilliant. Such as small things that could be exploited in competitive games, such as the saving mechanic. In CS if you die, you lose all your weapons, they will be dumped on the ground for another enemy to come along and pickup, players if they knew they were going to use they would hide away from the enemies, so they would be able to keep there gun for the next around, the problem with this is that they would still get money from doing this, and therefore be exploiting the system in some peoples opinion, it was recently fixed that instead of getting money if you lose and youre still alive you simply gain $0.

The CSGO match making system is an exceptional feature, the ability to play against players that are at the same skill level is much better than being forced to browse through thousands of servers in attempt to find one that suits you with a enemy team you can play against, and it is a fun game for both teams instead of one team getting obliterated by the other. Matchmaking works by waiting till you have 10 wins or 9 wins and a draw on your account before being rewarded with a competitive rank. Here are all the current ranks available in game.
http://www.pro-hl.com/images/prohl/csgo_ranks.jpg
Many people seem to think that this is like COD, you simply rank up from playing the game, no this is not true. You rank up as your skill improved, if you play well for a few weeks, and you finally get the Gold Nova youve been wanting for ages, and then you proceed to play awfully for a long time there is a very likely chance you will be deranked sadly, its for the best, you will be matched against players who are around the same skill level.

Recently a feature that allowed you to watch your recent games has been implemented into the game, this is in now way ground breaking its been done by other games before, but they have there issues, although I have not got round to actually trying out this feature I have been told that it appears to be working considerably well. The watch feature is great for those who enjoy re watching those moments of which they pulled of that beautiful AWP shot, or got that 5-kill ace.

I would like to say in this final paragraph, of the 250 hours+ I have played of this game I have seriously enjoyed (almost) every moment of it, sure there are some hackers, but you have to make sure to report them and they will be dealt with. All the factors about this game are good, but as all games go by, they have there problems, sure if CSGO has improved graphics that would be nice, and if *breathes in heavily* VALVE WOULD ADD 128 TICK MATCH MAKING SERVERS this has caused some annoyance for me in match making, if you dont understand whats so bad about 64 tick, I suggest you watch this video:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6u26YTpIF0
Anyway, I highly suggest you buy this game, apart from my small rant at the end, and game is fine, good game mechanics, graphics are sort of good, I supposed most of the maps are well balanced, there are a few that I suggest you shouldnt play though. The game has a small price tag, which I am sure will attract you to it even more, especially when its on sale at 75% of!

Hope you enjoyed reading my game review of Counter Strike: Global Offensive, and that this assisted you in making the decision of whether to buy the game or not.

I would appreciate it if you left a comment about what you thought about this, was is a bad review? Why was that, whats wrong with it?

I almost died once.

Once upon a time on de_inferno there existed a single chicken on A site.  I must get to my family!" said the father chicken.  Navagating through all the stained karambits and battle-scarred asiimovs will prove quite the challenge.  As the chicken creeps up the stairs into apartments he sees the glass shatter in the first room to his right.  He scatters down the hallway anxious of what will happen next.  There are 3 mysterious people wearing potato sacks on their head and must have applied way too much eye shadow.  He sneaks past them and makes it into the crawlspace.  "I can't believe it! I may actually live to see my family on B site fishing in the koi pond."  AWP shots are being exchanged down the middle of the battlefield and the chicken hears flowerpots shattering here and there.  As he gets to the exit of crawlspace he sees another potatosack creature hiding behinds a haystack and scuttles down into banana.  "Who the hell drove a taxi down here?" says the chicken.  He makes it down the dark ally and glances over to see the remains of his family.  They are but feathers floating in the burnt sushi in the pond after a thrown molotov.  "I.. I.... I can't belive thi-BOOM-."  A cheeky CT sits in his spawn with an AWP as he giggles in his chair after murdering the poor creature in cold blood.  Please

I've only played for 4 hours but already I have 6 Russian girlfriends.

By playing this game, I have learnt:
-Fluent Russian
-Vladimir Putin 'rule world'
-RUSSIA IS GOODER THAN UNITED STATES
-Anyone that's not Russian is American
-All American's are 'gay'
-Being gay is a bad thing
-Russian people actually have the internet

Overall I rate this game 9/11 for its overall replayability

I've played CS.GO for a thousand hours plus. I think, I've clocked in a decent number of hours to offer genuine and reliable thoughts/insights/feedback of the game. If there had to be reasons why i would not recommend this game, it would be for two reasons.

Firstly, I have to say that the CS.GO community is horrible. People show no signs of mercy to those who are new (Including myself at times). There are plenty of rude people. Of course i've met really nice people who respect one another but that is just a small minority. Too many people kicking out starters from casual matches for being noob ( not forgetting many times people kick out random players to allow friends to enter the match) and many times sore losers who constantly restart the match just because they died/didnt get a kill/for fun.

Secondly, the number of hackers and smurfs that are present now. These people are spoiling the game for those who enjoy some casual FPS and also in competitive mode. Especially for smurfs, I know of many who wish to rank up higher in competitive but simply cant due to the number of smurfs who are actively cockblocking them. And as for hackers, there are those who use it for personal glory or to use it to sell people ranking up services. These people are simply a real pain to the CS.GO community. Need I say more?

CS.GO, honestly, is good fun. I do love CS.GO. I have spent many good hours with friends, meeting new people and killing chickens. However the harsh reality of the CS.GO is simply cruel and merciless with people constantly yelling at you and telling you that you're no good, along with a good bunch of hackers/smurfs who ruins your gaming experience.

If you cant handle the harshness of the CS.GO community, dont start playing it. However if you choose to enter the CS.GO world alone, good luck. I hope you meet a few reliable and friendly comrades.

Until Valve finds a way to counter the problem is hackers and smurfs (especially in competitive mode), I will not recommend it. (Suggestion to counter smurfs: If the IP address has been in a CS.GO server before, he/she will not be allowed to play in the same pool of players in competitive mode.)

EDIT: Valve's implementation of having 24 hours cooldown after every 2 wins for fresh competitive accounts is a great effort in slowly down smurfs and catching hackers via overwatch, however i think a more full proof method would be required after once they reached 10 wins.

ADDITIONAL NOTE: To the few who have disagreed with my review because 'It's the community you're unhappy about, not the game', here's what i have to say. I strongly believe for a game like CS.GO (in fact any game with multiplayer funtionalities), community is a very large contributing factor if the game is good or not. It is the community that makes the game whole and who it is, especially for a game like CS.GO. I highly doubt people buy CS.GO to play offline mode/bot matches.

Though I understand your point of view, and that i should be reviewing the game base on its mechanisms/funtionalities like movement/gun bullet mechanics/matchmaking. However for my review, my aim is to offer my readers a deeper insight to the game than just what you see it on the surface/trailers.

At first you might feel that the community doesnt affect you at all, however once you get into the game, i believe you'll change your opinion. If you still disagree, I think its either you havent been exposed enough or you're just darn lucky meeting really nice and legitimate players in your matches.

@Shadowdance You're welcome. You gave me the push to write this reply.

Cheers fellow comrades.

Very frustrating and annoying.

But I always come back for more.

10/10 Would rage again.

This game is:

10% luck
20% skill
15% concentrated power of will
5% pleasure
50% pain
100% reason to purchase this game

The only game where you pray after the match has ended.

Things I gave to CSGO: 	1) Time
2) Money
3) My patience

Things CSGO gave me: 	1) Cancer
2) Knowledge of rude words from all different countries (mostly eastern Europe)
3) Money that I could use only on my Steam account.

9/10 people are ready for CSGO

10/10

How To Make a Basic Butter Cake from Scratch

Makes one 2-layer cake
What You Need
Ingredients
1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened (plus extra for greasing the pans)
1 1/2 cups sugar
3 large eggs
2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 1/4 cups whole milk
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 1/2 cups buttercream frosting, such as basic buttercream

Equipment
2 9-inch round pans
Stand mixer or hand mixer
Measuring cups and spoons
Cookie scoop or measuring cup, for dividing the batter

Instructions
Heat the oven to 350F.
Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.
Prepare the pans: Rub the bottoms and sides of the cake pans with a little butter, shortening, or baking spray. Make sure to get into the corners and all the way up the sides. Flour the sides and bottoms of the pan by scooping a bit of flour into the pan, then shaking and tapping to coat the bottom and sides of the pan with flour; dump out the excess. Alternatively, cut out a parchment round and use this to line the bottom.
Beat the butter and sugar until fluffy and light. Cream together for about 3 to 5 minutes on medium spread (see above notes for more information).
Add the eggs one at a time. Beat until the batter is very smooth and creamy-looking. Adding the eggs one at a time gives them a better chance at incorporating into a smooth batter. Be sure they are room temperature so the batter does not appear curdled.
Beat in half the flour, salt, and baking powder. Add the sifted dry ingredients with the mixer running at low speed. Continue to mix until incorporated.
Beat in the milk and vanilla. Alternate adding in the liquids with the dry ingredients so the milk has a chance to be absorbed without needing to overmix the batter. Stream in the milk with the mixer on low until combined.
Beat in the remaining flour mixture until just combined and no more visible flour remains. Stir a few times with a spatula to make sure no more flour remains on the bottom of the bowl.
Divide the batter between cake pans. Use a scale or mechanical ice cream scoop to evenly divide the batter. Smooth the tops with an offset spatula. Drop the pans against the counter to shake out air bubbles.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes: When done, the cake should be puffed like a pillow, golden, and pull away from the sides of the pan. When done, a toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes should come out clean.
Cool for 15 minutes in the pan. Run an offset spatula around the cake to make sure it's completely loosened from the sides of the pan.
Flip the rounds out of the pan, remove the parchment lining, and flip right-side up to cool completely.
Once cool, frost and assemble the cake with the buttercream.

oh, the game is fine.

Last Update
Goodbye, CS:GO. You really helped me a lot on English : ) and buried me with Silver II

Either you die like a b**** or you live long enough to be called a aimbotter.

11/10 would chase chickens again

i dont own the game, but somehow i can review.
11/10.

Edit : Already own it 24/04/2015.

You either get killed by an AWP and get called a noob. Or kill someone with an AWP and get called a noob
10/10

i wanted to play arms race but i still ran on feet

wtf valve????

i was only 10 years old
i loved csgo so much
i had all the consumer skins
then it all changed
i traded them for a ak blue laminate
he scamed me.
he took all my skins
i was so sad
i prayed to gaben that night
i woke in the middle of the night
it was gaben.
he was standing there, naked
he handed me a stattrak gut knife
he winked at me and left out my window
csgo is love csgo is life

it's better than porn.

Community is ruining this game. I live in Russia and happen to play on russian servers. This is incredibly awful experience i must say. Russians are the cancer of this game. They are everywhere and ruin the community and the game for others. I wish CSGO would cost like 30-50$ on Steam and that would definitely help to cut the amount of  in it. I wish there was an option to choose who to play with but again that wouldn't help because russians are everywhere. It saddnes me because i fed up with screaming kids and chavos and im quitting CSGO because of it. I can't enjoy the game while i have to listen to angry rednecks on the mic or screaming kids for 40-60 minutes. Despite the outcome of the match i still feel  because they trashtalk 24\7 and rarely able to play.  this game.

PS. I must notice that there is like 5% of cool russians that know how to play and are actually nice but alot(not all ) of them are just ashamed to be russian so the hide their identity from others. These guys are a huge minority and this is truly sad.

The community is terrible.Competitive
Screaming Russians in every game. Going full blyat storm on anyone who isnt listening to them.

12-year-old kids (or kids in general), who think they are the best, and promotes themselves to be the IGL, and starts flaming and vote kicking anyone who isnt listening to them spam the mic chat with GJ GJ"

If u love KFC you'll love this

69/69 best chicken mass murder sim out there

My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through. I agreed. At 21

Needs more banwaves and less sales.

The community in this game taught me how to speak Russian 10/10  blyat.

CS:GO is a simulator of the well known computer game Counter-Strike""

Counter Strike: Global Offensive

Counterstrike is a game that slowly ravages and pulverizes your soul each and every time you play it.

Everyone starts with the same thoughts when they play CS:GO:

1) 'Pfft. I'm never going to spend money in game buying skins and keys, that's stupid'
2) I'm never going to get that angry, it's only a game.
3) 'Meh, doesn't look that hard'

Within a week -

1) Youve already have bought a P90 module skin because Oh

   .

Probably the best Shooter you will find.

You can either be a hero and save chickens from the terrorists, or be the terrorists and strike fear into the chickens and make them explode.

(Or be surrounded by people who rage at you for not getting the clutch.)

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a point and click simulation game, where you play as a travel agent who sends people to paradise.

Pros:
-It's a huge e-sport

-very well done maps

-it has it's own weapons system that's very unique and adds an incredibly high learning curve.

-It keeps a classic arcade feel to the game so it's easy to pick up

The game has seen worse times, but even still, it's terribly flawed.

Cons:
-Unless you're playing in a LAN, where everyone is in the same room, you're going to have tons of hit registration problems.

-Valve's 64 tick servers are great for lower ranks from Silver to Master Guardian. But once you get past that, you've probably accumulated some skill and an understanding of the game and how it works. Quite often, while playing a competitive matchmaking, you'll shoot at someones head, see blood, and absolutely nothing will happen in your favor.
128 tick servers exist, but you need to go to a third party to use them, which seems pretty excessive just to play the game with a few less problems.

-The community is the most toxic, vile, absurd- you know what. Just get a dictionary and every single word that has a negative connotation will pretty much describe the community that plays this game.

-Hackers EVERYWHERE. Hackers are insanely abundant and carry on without a care in the world. They don't worry about getting banned because they have no problem buying the game again, especially if it goes on sale, and just hacking all over again. This is probably the biggest reason Valve doesn't do anything to REALLY try and put a stop to it. But why would they? It makes them money when someone finally does it get banned so who cares about the legit players who try to enjoy the game for what it is, right?

-There are a certain number of bugs and exploits that are in the game, that haven't ever really been addressed. For example, a persistant sound bug that sounds like someone is running when in fact nobody is there. (I believe they have fixed the running audio glitch but there are many more issues yet to be addressed.)

-The developers put out updates, and just when you think it's something useful, like fixing a bug or exploit that's been making the game unfair, they just add more sounds! Or adjust sound levels! Pretty much nothing that matters to serious players.

Conclusion:
The game at its core is a decent game. But you can't play it the way it's 'meant' to be played with just the game itself. For actually decent servers, and a SLIGHTLY more tolerable community, you need to sign up with a third party website that hosts their own servers so you can play the game. But those matches don't count for anything in the game itself, it's pretty much just a platfom to work around.

If you're going to get the game just for a time killer and don't plan to take it serious then great. But otherwise, don't waste your money or your time.

I manage(d) four community competetive servers that are fairly popular, and I used to have a blast playing on them. But now whenever I go into the servers, it usually ends in me having to ban the ENTIRE lobby. I've quite literally yelled about how tired I was of babysitting because that's exactly what I had to do. I'm very accustomed to seeing hackers and cheaters from monitoring so many for so long with my time on the servers so when I play matchmaking matches the hacks are very easy to spot out. 'Professional' players have been banned for hacking before for crying out loud.

The first few hundred hours of my gameplay were pretty fun. The learning curve made it challenging and different and that's what I enjoyed. But the higher rank you get and the more serious you play, the more terrible everything becomes. I've made it to Supreme Master First Class, (Rank before Global Elite, highest rank in the game's ranking system.) and I can't say that I want to bother trying to get Global or playing anymore in general. At this point, every other match has a hacker or at the very least a griefer or extremely toxic person that wants to spoil your day. Whether a hacker is blatant or not, it becomes pretty apparent when someone's playing unfairly.

All in all, there's no sportmanship or respect in a game that would do extremely well with both of those things, and the lack of feedback from developers in helping clean up the community or create better servers is very unsettling, especially for one of the most popular games on Steam.

But you don't have to believe me, play the game and see for yourself. But you've been warned.

I can safely say that thanks to the Shamwow I have not had a spill that I could not get out.
What a very great product!

You shoot people, and then you get shot back.

The more updates, the more I regret every single hour I invested into this.

Weapon skins simulator ?... 11/10

I launched this game and witnessed history as de_dust2 is getting enough votes to become president of the United States by a landslide (   )

Keep calm and blame it on lag

In Cancer Strike: Global Duty, you play as the sunflower from Plants vs Zombies. Your goal is simple, defend your team's nexus from the opposing forces known as anonymous".

There are three different weapons in this game

Takes time to get used to, but despite all the cheaters, probably the best of whole Counter-Strike franchise.

UPDATE (2015/04/24):

Got banned from my favorite game because the Beta Overwatch couldn't handle me.

0/10 Would not spend 5 years of adopting a unique play-style again.

CSGO is the international Soviet Communication System (SCS) and it was built by Vladimr Putin himself to give russians a communication system to talk with each other! Oh, and also by this so called GAME we got to know that russians are s running around and screaming how pathetic everyone exept other russians are. This game is about Putin/10    . And of course i recommend this game lol it has RUSSIANS!!!

kill entire enemy team
defuser got mvp

I hate this game.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive has 5 games inside of it.

Deathmatch
If you are new you have to play this game. even people with 500+ hours might play this game. In deathmatch you are          able to learn how to use the weapons and how to improve your aim. That is why there is a possibility to turn of random weapons to you can choose only 1. PLEASE if you have 100- hours play deathmatch. (Dont use SCAR-20 to mutch.. people will hate you!)

Demolition
In this game you have to kill people to get new weapons. Here you will learn how to plant a bomb. and how to use maps. you will learn you have to look back and look everywhere so you wont be killed. Also it is a good way to use multiple weapons. Not like deathmatch 1 weapon youre good with.

Arms Race
This game is hard. You need to kill as mutch people as you can. There are 16 levels. every level is a new weapon. kill 2 people to go level up. the first one who is at level 16 gets a knife. If he kills someone with the knife he wins. the maps are small and there are a lot of people. here you learn how to use every weapon (every weapon shoots different) (this will help you in Casual and more important  Competitive.)

Casual
This looks like  Competitive. You have team mates and you have to win. sometimes its 5 vs 5 6 vs 6 8 vs 8 10 vs 10.  They maked Casual easier. Them damage is turned of. and you wont get a Cooldown. If you want to play this: in the beginning this will be hard. and you wont get mutch kills. if you play more it will get better.
You choose 1 side and you will stay the whole game that side

Competitive
This mode is for players with atleast 300+ hours ( I Thinks.. and a lot of players think that 2). Everybody plays this serious. Cause here you play for ranks. team damage is turned on. Its the same as casual. Kill enemy and plant the bomb. 15 round as Counter-Strike and 15 rounds As terrorist. the team who wins 16 rounds wins the game.

What I also like about this game is the face that everyday over 100000 people are playing. Every mode are people. you meet every day new people and sometimes new friends.

every week you get 3 drops. ( most of the time 2 cases and a  weapon worth 3 cents. sometimes a weapon with is worth more).  if you recieved the 3 drops you have to wait till monday then they will reset it. ( drops are random)
Also there are cases you can open. this is addicted like hell. In a case there are weapons skins. some are worth nothing others are worth 50+ euro.. if you are very lucky 100 euro/dollar or MORE!

EVERY ONE WANTS A KNIFE skin.

weapon skins are useable in game. you can buy them are you can open cases. ( if you dont have mutch money buy the weapons.. not the cases ;) ).

last thing. Operations and championsships.

ever couple months there will be an operation. that means. you have to pay 5 euro/dollar. and you get:
5 New maps. Lots of Missions. New weapon skins. That is cool cause this will make sure the game will stay fun.

Also every couple months there are contest between the best players of csgo. you can watch them live! thats cool!

I give this game a 10 out of 10.

Best Stalingrad Simulator 2014. Realistic war experience.
Get matched with 4 russians while you are playing competitive.
Learn some russian words and fight with your new friends for VICTORY!
You just have to buy the uber P(ro)90 russian gun - Spray'n Pray!
9.5/10 Would play with my non-gay-russians again -  Putin
gg wp ez win

I drink Mountain Dew and eat Doritos for a 100% 360 MLG Headshot! Smoke weed for enhanced accuracy. You should try it too! #420 BLAZE IT

I want to kill myself

Valve loves cheaters.

The game is a money pit filled with hackers.
The rank system is a joke.
Overwatch is a joke.
VAC is a joke.
There is no anti-cheat system for this game
It has a tired engine. (12+ yrs)
It's a game based off a skill game. Just when you master a skill or skills they just throw in another broke update
and break more crap like changing the whole gun skill set (joke)

Adding the R8, A gun never in any Counter Strike, Is maybe all you need to know about the brain trust behind the game anymore. Best idea ever !  (Not)
I know lets add Flintlocks,Muzzleloaders,Catapult and Slingshots.

They will claim to fix things like broke spawns (Dust DM spawn) still broke !

DM (Deathmatch) has the Worst spawns of any game i have ever seen.
After one of the great updates you will have to play through weeks of people who have pings from another planet.
Random lag spikes or micro stutters, do to it's not optimized well.
Could it be a good game ? yes ! If they had someone who had a brain and played it and then fixed it and left it alone
other then adding the money making garbage (I know you only care if it's a cash cow).
Legit players suffer while hackers roam free. (I know you don't care cause you make more money) not banning people
hence people having so many accounts.

I have 1 account and proud of it.

I know people will hate on me and I don't care it's the truth.......

By the way i'd spend more money through Steam but after seeing what this game has turned out to be and the stupid taxes crap from selling the junk I get from game (not real money by the way, The real money has already been taxed) and the lack of caring about hackers.     I'll just save it".

If your a legit player wanting to learn the game and enjoy the game you will be disappointed and penalized.
If you a hacker or a scammer you will love this game and be rewarded.....


If you look at most of the positive reviews they are from people who have close to no hours played.
If you look at the negative reviews they are from people who put a lot of time into the game.


(1/7/15 update)  They added gloves to CSGO... Must have been why everyone was deranking

I haven't played much to be able to fully review it, sadly...

However, from what I've played, I think the story's about a bunch of high-school students with sunglasses wanting to blow up a courtyard in a desert while the government spends billions of dollars funding the police with all the Karambits and AWP | BOOM 's they want in order to take'em down

Played a little, it was fun

At its core Global Offensive/Counter Strike is a brutal shooter which in its prime was probably the number one cause of broken Microsoft mouses.

The emphasis on death is probably the only aspect of this series that has kept me around. It creates an atmosphere that games like Battlefield and Call of Duty hasn't been able to reproduce. On the outside Counter Strike looks like a simplistic shooter but the learning curve is steep and will challenge even the most seasoned FPS gamer.

The game is simply tactful; its brilliant when youre alive and even when youre dead the game is still fun to watch other players.

Global offensive is a competitive game and a casual one, although for casual gamers it's probably better to find community servers over Valve servers. There's a huge market place now for the items in CS:GO and not only that, there's third party websites and support for numerous other avenues these in-game items have created

You will also find on Twitch CS:GO is consistently one of the most streamed games and boast numerous competitions, if you need any convincing watch a stream, watch a competitive match and see for yourself.

This game is simply a must try and a game every gamer should have in their library. Overtime you can even make back the money spent on the game from the game itself.

I just want to say thank you Valve


Thank you for all the great updates and the great steam support, thank you for the ranking system (6 wins, 1 game lost  -> ez downrank), thanks for the r8, thanks for cheaters, smurfs, and hackers, thanks for little kiddies playing cs, thanks for 64 tick servers, thank you for all the great updates....

merry christmas and a happy new year.






Don't be a loser, buy a defuser.

Russian Plan - Rush B!

I opened my eyes
I tried to see but I'm blinded by a flashbang
I can't remember how
I can't remember why
I went to B alone

And I can't hold the rush
And I can't even throw a grenade
No I can't hold the rush

How did I get matched with this team?
I've made my mistakes
I've got nowhere to run
The round goes on
As my health is fading away
I'm sick of this game
I just wanna leave
How did I get matched with this team?

Everybody's shooting
I tried to make a callout but no one hears me
I'm slipping off the ramp
I'm soon going to be dead
I wanna start this over again

So I try to hold onto a time when my rank mattered
And I can't explain what happened
And I can't erase the games that I've lost
No I can't

How did I get matched with this team?
I've made my mistakes
I've got nowhere to run
The round goes on
As my health is fading away
I'm sick of this game
I just wanna leave
How did I get matched with this team?

I've made my mistakes
I've got nowhere to run
The round goes on
As my health is fading away
I'm sick of this game
I just wanna leave
How did I get matched with this team?

- community is trash
- 87 percent of the players are thirsty virgins
- vac security sucks balls
- as a female/girl, if you talk to your microphone in-game, that means you are an 15 y/o kid, or a fat girl
- 98 percent of the players don't know how to jump on the silo
-  K/A/D means that you are one boosted 

10/10 would cheat again

Chased a chicken for 30 seconds just to have an enemy player kill it.

9.2/10 would run after chicken again.

I thought i bought an english version, not russian...

Maybe the only FPS where it truly boils down to a game of pure skill. No bullsh*t perks or kill streaks, no auto-turrets, no air strikes. If you want to win in Counter-Strike, you have to learn the maps, play smart, and have fast reflexes. Since you work for each and every kill, it's much more satisfying than other current gen shooters.

its ok i guess

Pros :
- Great teamplay if you have friends
- Updates to keep upgrading and improving the game
- Not being call of duty

Cons:
- Toxic community that makes CoD community feel like scholars ( occassionally )
- Hackers dnt get banned all the time even if its crystal clear
- Vague ranking system that seems not fair most of the time.
- I was legendary eagle and fell from grace due to ranking system update, its like getting a good grade after studying so hard, only for the teacher to decide to curve down all the grades becoz all the class passed.. its not fair, make ranking up harder but dnt screw the players
- Revolver.. really ? .. seriously.. why ?
- Overwatch not tempting
- Playing solo sucks
- The Idea of the campaign sucked big 
- Almost 2k hours and I dnt feel the game is rewarding me for my dedicated service.. give me a medal or smthng people :P
- I can't eat while playing.. big problem


As of April 7-2016 I retired from this game, its addictive like drugs.. left me frustrated alot, too many griefers and an increase in the number of hackers.. the type of hackers that smokes mid on d2 and takes out 5 guys with an awp inside the smoke.. that type of hackers.. Im focusing on finishing many games i left unplayed becoz i simply hunger for great stories

winning 14-0
mouse sensitivity: max.
mouse acceleration: max.
volume max : SlipKnot

Its Negev time.

This game upsets me greatly on a daily basis, kicks me in the shins, steals all my money then runs away, would not recommend.

Community is the sickest, so here I have examples of any type of players:

Silver haters. The matchmaking system are combine players in accordance with the skill group. People have found it fun to create a general idea of silvers as a garbage without brains and skill. For someone it is an accurate description, but not for all. Ranks are not for showing off.

Boosted ones. They are too good for this world, they are smart, handsome and incredible. But Gold Nova 2. And they think their peoblem is always with teams that not_so_good. Eventually they are ruining games with their conceit and lack of experience.

Skin haters. People that consider it's their business to count other people's money. Also, they are confident high price skins owners are bad because... IT IS FUN TO MAKE A MEME GE INVENTORY (pic with sand dunes) /SILVER INVENTORY (pic with knieves). Ha-haaa

I wasted so much time in this game,yes the game is good but the community is crap,I used to be DMG.
Let me describe what happened to me(and probably a lot of csgo players)
1.got into a match,got a team of 4 russians,they kicked me cause I didn't speak vodka language
2.got downranked for getting kicked
3.played a few matches in MGE hoping to get to DMG fast,won 5 games in a row and then lost 3 games in a row
4.got downranked for loosing 3 matches in a row
5.started up csgo once again,as mg2,got into a match,got gangbanged by some random turkish guys with walls(I even checked the replay)
6.I made this review and uninstalled the game
(I still think this is a great game,but the EU servers are filled with human waste and there is no point of even trying to have some fun while playing)

installed cs go
had a lot of fun & gave headshots in one match
next match I only got headshots & missed every shot
deinstalled cs go
told all my friends I wouldn't never ever play it again
few minutes later
installed cs go

love-hate relationship since 1999 cs beta 6.5
10/10 would install & deinstall it again

Counter strike is a lovely game with a lovely community, its a perfect place for a malignant narcissist to flourish. If you love friendly interactions from all sorts of Ethnicities then this is your game.
Pros
1. You can slowly get the money you paid for the game back with 1p drops in game
2. If your rich you can show all the peasants how cool your knives look and make all the Russian children trade in their grain stores to buy a sand dune nova.
3. Kill Terrorist ( big thumbs up from American players)
4. A deep and engrossing story line and ranking system with so much context into the terrorists motivations.

Cons
1.Terrorists are evil and no one tells me why, the game should be more politically correct or call them freedom, fighters.
2. Game is old and I cant kill ISIS, may change in the future if valve wants to make this game an immersive experience.
3. Lots of children with horrible voices that make you want to use a cheese grater on your skull.
4. If you have friends you wont have them long as you will rage every time they let you die leading to you pouring piping hot tea on your sisters face.
5. All developed nations decide to allow their troops to go to battle without body Armour making them spend their salary on equipment - 40000 immersion points.
6. If you are British there is a whole wealth of opportunities to hear constant slaughtering of your language and a barrage of Tea hate which will be most disturbing.

In conclusion this Game is Fantastic with its revolutionary graphics, sweet jumpers for some terrorist and a real look into counter terrorism operations.

Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!

Well

I really like this game, some of the stuff needs to get fixed.

Like, the problem with Russian Speaking BOTs in matchmaking.

I feel like it's a very weird glitch and it happends very often.

Otherwise I really enjoy this game, 10/10

       
          
      
 
    
   
















$$
$$
$$























     
     
        

         
         
         


- Ruski?
- No.
- axaxaxaxax cka blyat

Date of Review: 9/27/2014
CSGO is a competitive team based shooter with highly refined mechanics

The Good:    (+) Gunplay is based on skill. Knowing how to control the rifle is the difference of winning or losing a gunfight.
(+) All weapons are balanced in the sense that they each have a time, situation, or role that they should be used in.
(+) Movement is fluid and precise and if mastered, can give you a competitive advantage.
(+) The competitive maps have been tweaked specifically for competitive play in mind.
(+) Competitive isn't the only game mode. There are also community servers which host a variety of game types that       are fun and interesting.
(+) Game overall takes skill to do well. It's not so easy to learn, and very difficult to master. This makes it pretty addicting when you're trying to improve your skills in the game.

The Bad:Honestly, there's not really anything negative about the game in my opinion. But I'll just address the common complaints of CSGO.
(-) CSGO is hard. Seems like every bullet misses when you're aiming right at the guy. (This is where you would take the time to learn the game, but otherwise a common complaint from people.)
(-) Hit-reg is messed up. I always see the blood splatter but it never counts as a hit. (This is just a problem with the default 64 ticks server. You can join other servers with 128 tick to get better hit-reg anyways. It's still better than the 10 or 30 tick rate that Battlefield and Call of Duty has though.)

Well that's all the good and bad I could think of for CSGO.

Ack4orge Rating:10/10
Perfect
With the perfect tweaks to the gunplay, maps, movement, and gun balance, it refines the already highly refined gameplay of the past Counter-Strikes that's been out since 1999, making this one of the best competitive team-based first-person shooters on the market.

Why is Counter Strike Global Offensive so special?

List of your experience in-game:

-Technical issues-

*Expect unexplained lag sometimes!
*Random disconnects!
*Tons of bugs!
*In some rounds, you'll be floating in the air!
*The scoreboard tab sometimes doesn't open!
*Your game will mess up your Skype/Teamspeak sound settings!
*Expect random crashes!
*If you Alt-Tab you'll not be able to write on the lobby chat!
*64 tick servers will make you rage!

-Community Issues-

*You'll be kicked by no reason!
*Expect random Team-Kill!
*Prepare yourself for random insults!
*If you accidentally throw your weapon, someone will steal it!
*You'll be needing a weapon and someone with 16000$ won't buy you one!
*Sometimes you'll be alone in a team of 4 pre-made, who will make your life a hell!
*You'll be talking in English and your team answering in Polish, Russian, Portuguese, etc!
*Some guys will show off their awesome/expensive skins, yet they will be of no use to the team!
*There will be days where you'll be unstoppable and others were you'll be useless!
*If you're good you'll be called a hacker, cheater, smurf or they will just say you're lucky!
*If you're bad they will call you, a noob, Troll,  and they will tell you to uninstall!
*Some people will join a match just to troll the team!
*The chat-box will be spammed by insults, rage or fishy links!
*Guys will spam the voice chat, sing, do weird noises just to  you off!
*Some people will tell you what to do!
*You'll get  off, when a decisive round, is lost because of a bad player!
*The guy in last will be the one who complains the most in your team!
*Someone will buy during eco rounds!
*There will be guys who will try to do a 1 vs 5 and not save!
*You will find lower ranks playing better than higher ranks!
*You'll be always improving and loosing your rank!
*Your team will be horrible and the enemy team full of pro's & hackers!
*You'll be looking to player's profiles to see how much hours they have or if they've got a vac ban!
*You'll be flashed by a teammate and die because of it!
*Someone will follow you and block you!


You'll hate the game numerous times, but despite all of this, you'll come back and play hundreds of hours...

Counter Strike Global Offensive is essentially a game of clicking on heads (from what I learnt in my first 200 hours).

The objective of the game is to click on your opponent's head before s/he can click on yours.

Oh and there are bombs, hostages, skins and knives but thats beside the point.

In conclusion: Learn how to click on heads...

the community is ruinig this game... enough said

The spiritual successor to The Secret of Monkey Island" (titled cs:go) is one of my personal favourite point and click adventures of all time; wether it's the engaging puzzles or intricate story

Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years. For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues.

Buys shotgun at a round
Goes down a corridor  with my crosshair firmly on where an enemy may be
Enemy pops
Sprays down with shotgun , he does not move
No hits

No hits simulator 2014 :D

its like Skyrim with guns

Introducing you the good ol' Rage Simulator.... NOW WITH SKINS (and more russians). Dive into this adventure where your skills are irrelevant and the real deal is the value of your inventory, and you better have some real good temper, because the people you are going to play with are dumber than the chicken AI. And don't forget to bring your wallet, the digital knives in this game cost more than the real ones. GGWP.

Plant plaaaant!! ing noob"
"Rush B!"
"AIM bot reported!"
"ing smurf!"
" this game!! Im out.." *disconnected*

This and much more... only on CS:GO!

Obviously I'm kidding. No need to review this game. Who does not know the famous CS?!"

 community

The review you are about to read is alot of mixed feelings.. Notice i have 3k+ hours.. I have been playing Counter-Strike since 1.5 with some breaks in between focusing on school or relationships and while i have played plenty of other big titles growing up such as the Grand Theft Auto series or the Battlefield series i have always come back to the one game that i know and love. If you are really into shooters and have tried this game than you too will probably agree that CS has the most consistent replayability factor and is arguably the simplest yet most skillful shooter out there. Unlike games like Call Of Duty or Battlefield there is little to no debris covering your screen or random hiding spots that people camp behind at all times. Yes it happens but to be good in Counter-Strike Global Offensive you must capitalize on rushes and support your teammates in completing the objective. This is the ULTIMATE teamplay game and has just recently had an incredible boost in professional cs go tournaments concerning prize money and the viewers watching them. I stayed up all night til 7am to watch either Dreamhack or ESL (forget which one) That one match alone had about 300,000 viewers.. whereas CS Source was barely keeping their head above water with Professional tournys and teams in their day. So whats the problem?? The up until just recently awesome people over at Valve have become so focused on aqcuiring new players and revenue reguarding things like skins, cases, keys, taxes on items we sell on the marketplace, passes for new maps with objectives and even new copies of the game. Somewhere along the way i feel as if they have given up on the integrity of the game because it seems like every few months they put the game on sale for 5 bucks or so even though it is already insanely cheap only $15. I dont think you will find a single player in CS that will tell you they have played another game that is better or even EQUAL to CS and its replayability for $15.. That being said over time of course people will accuse other people of hacking i.e. wallhacking/aimbotting so if the game goes on sale for 4.99 even if a percentage of the people accusing others of hacking buy the game cheap just to have an alt account to get revenge and also hack thats a problem.. Now you think about Valve putting the game on sale a couple times a year and of course there will be MANY people that buy 5 or even more copies of the game! ..Just to hack and boost their friends.. This is becoming more of a problem for legit players like me. I literally feel like a superhero in a world full of villians. I am quickly seeing the decline of great real fun real skilled matches in CSGO. Everytime i join a competitive match there will from now on ALWAYS be a new account on the other team.. What is their excuse? Oh im just smurfing.." You can even tell there are many more people hacking in overwatch these days. (overwatch is a self review cs go system of random people to determine if they were hacking or not) 6-12 months ago you would find overview cases kind of a challenge to decide on and most of the time would have some pretty nice skins. Nowadays 9/10 Overwatch cases they have absolutely no skins on their account or .20 cent skins to make it look like they do have skins and they couldnt POSSIBLY be hacking. Hackers do this because they KNOW there is a very high chance of them getting banned and losing these skins forever. Valve states that anyone Vac-Banned will NOT be able to get it overturned for any reason whatsoever. So tell me why during one of the major CS GO tournaments that just passed Pasha from the pro team Virtus Pro he was being filmed in real life over his shoulder and got vac banned in the middle of his match. simply said no i am not hacking and got his account UNBANNED. If he was at a lan tourny with everyone watching then he couldnt have been hacking right?? Wrong. It is going around that there is an undectable and unseen hack that is built into the map from the workshop(not exactly certain on the details) even when you are watching his screen in real life you would not notice.. Even worse than that every time valve does a wave of vac bans which is not nearly often enough there comes another undetectable hack that people find almost right away. The major point i am trying to make on this subject is that Valve makes MILLIONS on us for each skin

If I were to review this game seriously come out a scroll of words so I will limit myself to only some of them

-C Y K A B L Y A T;
-K U R W A;
-CHEATER!
-SMURF?
-GL HF;
-GG;
-EZ;
-REPORT!

Love it, in its imperfections <3

This game taught me how to self harm.

10/10

This game is an excellent game, and I enjoy it very much. However  I would not recommend this game to anyone else.

The community of this game is rude, cruel, and out to ruin your day. They will ridicule you for your every mistake, loose your games intentionally, and try to break you down. The problem with the community is not everyone, but is a large enough population to effect you.

-Revolvers
-Cheaters
-64 ticks
-Rank system
-P90
-Broke-game updates
-Community
-Bugs

>Played 1700h, volvo gives us  and we love it.

Love it or hate it. I do both.


Story:


Police versus Terrorists. You play on either of this sides.
Differenced in gameplay: You want to secure something from beeinng blown up or blew it up.
Alternative you have to secure hostages or stop the SWAT securering them.

Gameplay:

Easy to learn but hard to master. Forget about running with an Assault Rifle and give headshots to everyone like in other FPS. For this you have to choose the P-90.
No seriously it took some time to know how to control the spray of your weapons.

Just pressing the fire button is not enough here. CS is still one of the most skill and game-sense required games.

To help you mastering this you can download and play training maps from the workshop.
(Smokes,Flashes,Recoil,Aim)

Community:

Difficult!

There are a lot of nice people but also the most toxic guys you can imagine.
Stay calm & be friendly (at least try to be).


And for the sake of your money do not open any cases!


blyat/10

(#TW:PHOBIA #TW:COUNTER-STRIKE #TW:STRIKE #TW:FEET #TW:FYRESALE #TW:SYMPTOM #TW:REVIEW #TW:TRIGGER WORD)

During your playtime of this game you will never will not have a very low chance will have a chance of will probably will most likely will definitely will undoubtly are going to will have a very chance to will absolutely positively get the following symptoms.

Paranoia
Soundophobia
Footstepophobia
Noobophobia
Kicking habit
Russiaophobia
OCD
I-Think-I'm--At-This-Gameophobia
Banophobia
VACophobia
Abandonophobia
Teammateophobia
Tryhardism (Suggested by Dragenda)
Hackophobia (Suggested by LHDC)
If you have any or all of the symptoms above, you have attained CS:GO Addiction. This can only be cured with more CS:GO.

Originally posted by Snrvis when asked if this review was best review:YeeboiiOriginally posted by Dragenda when asked if this review was best review:Grand. You have done your research.Originally posted by Wolfy when asked if this review was best review:Is trueOriginally posted by Jerry987m when asked if this review was best review:Seems soOriginally posted by Fyresale when asked if this review was best review:The accuracy is astounding

A 1,000 hours of exprience (since BETA) is enough for me to say that this game became total sheit.

I bought this game for the chickens, and was not disappointed. After exploring the countless lands the chickens have traveled far and wide, I realized their population was growing too large. The chickens had started to inhabit such horrid locations across the world, such as nuclear plants, and offices without cafeterias. I knew what had to be done. I bought a flip knife off of the steam market, and called PETA. I listened to In the Arms of an Angel in my Microsoft Professional Deluxe Gaming Chair 360 for about twelve hours with no response, so, I decided to take matters into my own hands. I loaded up de_nuke and started to put the chickens out of their misery. I cried harder that night than I have ever before.

The next morning, with tears in my eyes, I loaded up Counter-Strike: Global Chicken, and I saw a new item waiting in my inventory. My Flip Knife had turned into a Flip Knife Slaughter. At that moment, I realized what a horrible thing I had done.
With my hand shaking, I navigated my mouse, and uninstalled Counter-Strike: Global Chicken.

I regret everything I have done. I am writing this review to warn you about the chickens, and to let you know I have made a full recovery, and that I have started my new journey in Goat Simulator. Thank you, and farewell.

Like the middle east? Like guns? Like unrealistic representations of bomb disarmament? Like the middle east again? WELL GEAR UP AND GET READY TO FU*K SH*T UP IN THE MIDDLE EAST WITH HALF A RUSSIAN TEAM THAT ONLY KNOW THE LETTERS A" AND "B" AND THE OTHER HALF THAT DON'T KNOW HOW TO OPERATE A HEADSET. Remember these pro tips; Don't waste money on keys

- Smurfes
- Cheaters
- Russians
- Russian Cheaters
- Kids
- 64 tickrate
- Valve Rank System
- Competitive Cooldown

+ Skins
+ Free learning the Russian language

Overall rating: 2/10

After buying this game,I don't have time to play my other games :((  Damn you Gabe ...

10/10

CS:GO The fastest way to learn Russian

9.9/10

Still Beter than the Call of duty

Frosty was only 16 years old.
He loved CS:GO so much.
He had most of the achievements and items.
He prayed to Gaben every night before bed, thanking him for the inventory he's been given.
CS:GO is love

Bots play better than me, nough said :D

Another great game to waste some time :D

Terrorist Team Reaches  15-14 Match Point
Whole Terrorist Team Buys Negevs
Remember

Dear Counter-Strike Players,
After a long period playing this game (~1000h) I think I have the advantage to write a better review than my last!


First I want to say thank you Valve for making a nice game like Counter-Strike: Global Offensive!


BUT:
There are some things Valve has to change really fast!


1. Cheating:
There are more and more cheaters every fu***** day! The VAC-System isn't as save as it should be! I hope Valve is working on it!

2. DDOS-ing:
I think the Valve-Servers should be very save, but then there is the DDOS-ing! How is it able to get the IPs from your opponents this fast and DDOS them! Please fix the Serversecure!

3. Smurfing:
Through all those Steamsales you get more and more smurfs! Highranks buying a new account to play against lowranks and get really horny about it! I think they should make an IP-Based system where the rank is linked to the IP or something like this!

4. Patches:
Patch after patch, the game is getting worse! They nerf every weapon till the weapon isn't playable anymore! With the maps you have the same problem!

5. Serverproblems (also Steamserver):
Steam and Valve aren't able to fix their serverproblems, so the game isn't playable because of laggs and disconnects! Also the cooldown you can get is very unfair! This is fu***** s***!

6. Community:
The community isn't as good as I hoped. Most of the people are pretty unfriendly.


Over all:
Counter-Strike isn't playable anymore! And the higher the rank the more hackers you get! Please fix the things I listed above and make the game playable again! And I know that Valve can't fix the community, but I hope the community will get better!


PS: I'm from Germany, so there are maybe some spelling mistakes!

Its all about Russians

>starts competitive match
>2 minutes into the match
>game quits and says ''bla bla bla, VAC issues, bla bla bla''
>mfw gets 24h cooldown for leaving the match
>areyouingwithmem8.jpg
>gets disconnected every single match from now on, doesn't matter if it's competitive or not
>searchs furiously on the Internet trying to find a solution
>3 hours later, I find out that GeForce Experience was causing the VAC cooldowns
>tfw Valve thinks a recording software is a haxxxxxxing means
>one day later
>goes a competitive match to be sure if Shadowplay is what's causing the disconnecting issues
>I get a 7 days cooldown

10/10 would wait a week to play Cooldown Simulator again!

P.S. I managed to fix the VAC error.

Got killed by a smoke nade...

No seriously... 10/10

Actually the game itself has great gameplay and fps dynamics. However, among the games i played so far, this game has the worst community which makes it unbearable.

Both the competitive and guilty pleasure in my entire Steam library, CS:GO has captured both these conflictive aspects of mine spectacularly, as I've enjoyed over hundreds of hours, playing this joyous game. From the teamwork, player rankings, campaigns, competitive gameplay, music, replay value and much more, this game is a king amongst most modern, multi-player FPS' games and still going strong even over just a measly three years.

Just like its predecessors, the player assumes the role of either a counter-terrorist or a terrorist, both with their own unique missions, depending on the campaign in general. The newly added campaigns, Deathmatch and Arms race is a great exclusive extra if you're just a casual player, whereas there's the competitive session for the more experienced, intense and determined players out there.

With every match starting, you're brought into ''Freeze time.'' where you have a wide selection of guns in your disposal, just ready to be bought, either with the money you've earned by killing opponents, or indeed losing a match respectively, still giving the losing team a winning chance. While with your team, you could stick together as there are power in numbers, or go alone to face your opposing enemies. I wouldn't talk for every individual player out there, as I've seen power in experienced players. Trust me, I have witnessed a Russian veteran take down an entire army of 5 opponents, all in the same vicinity...and yes, he was a rageful one, indeed.

I also enjoyed the updated graphics and more immersive game environments. Definitely pushing the Source engine to its absolute limits but doesn't go too over the edge to miss the most important aspect of any game; the gameplay. The gameplay is near to being absolutely perfect, as you can easily navigate, along with the controls are fast and (sometimes) responsive, on the other hand, the radar being very relieable even in the most threatening of times, since you can detect enemies close to your location and either wait for them or hunt them down yourself or with your precious, numbered team. Just remember to tune down your mouse settings for aiming, as it does help much more.

The original music used is also a big step up, as it literally puts you into that zone of actually being prepared for one living frenzy of a match, each time around. From the beginning beat as you select your weapon and gear you will bring into combat each time, or from hearing the threatening tune of the planted bomb ticking away down to its initial explosion, the music definitely makes the game feel and look more surreal than it already is. And with an added bonus, with the Steam music player at its peak in popularity, the update with the musical kit useable in-game was a great move, as you can listen to classic music, as you slaughter your opponents joyfully.

I've also enjoyed the gun descriptions that tell the real-life history and origin in a very formal, informative and creative way. The statistics of the weapons also help out the player to figure out what weapon they will bring out, either if it means getting close and personal with a shotgun, sniping away with a rifle from a distance and even switching to second-hand pistols, when reloading your main gun that takes precious time, along with how they flesh out damage with a great, controlled accuracy. As you can tell, this game serves many different ideas, strategies, preferences and possibilities to each and every person who are against each other.

And yet another great thing to note is that this game gets multiple, yet fast updates. The homepage of the game mainly dishes out the latest CS:GO news, such as upcoming streaming matches with clans from different countries going toe to toe, or special deal offers on those elusive cases, if you're ever tempted to test your luck and hopefully get a rare skin to add to your growing collection of weapon skins. You can also create clans and watch your ranking system build up with friends and even create lobbies to secure that you will be in the most competitive games with your mates behind your back.

But my primary complaint with this wonderful game has got to be...the community. Yes, a lot of aspiring programmers and artists do a swell job at creating fantastic weapon skins and maps that when judged are simply classified as prefessional, but I'm not talking about those great people. I'm talking about the brash players that exemplify the dunning-kruger affect; where unskilled players rate their own abilities much higher than accurate and compare other players, in a much more biased fashion. It gets annoying pretty quickly, so I would usually block the most revolting swines who do this.

All in all, this game is a big, big, big recommendation from me and if you think I'm lying, just check top-selling games list at the start of the Steam page. There's a reason why this game is on the high ranking list, and that's due to its high and successful popularity.

You can shoot chickens. 12/10

Have you ever been to Russia? No?
Would you love to visit Russia? Yes?

11 euros for a one way ticket to motherland Russia is fair enough if you ask me.

Was playing a match as the terrorists
the score was 9-11
someone on my team shouted it was 9/11 an automatic win for the terrorists
we won the round without anyone taking damage

would r8 9/11 m8 on scale of 16/16

You need to know these words if u wanna play CS:GO.
1) Pizdec - You lose game with score 16:0. It's Pizdec.
2) Suka blyat' - Suka it's word that sounds like betch or beach.
3) Blya - Short version of blyat'
4) Poshol nakhuy - Go to khuy. It's mean fuq u
6) Idi v pizdu - Go to pizda. It's mean fuq u
7) Mat' / Mamu tvou ebal - I'm fuq your mom
8) Yebalo styani - Shut up!
9) Mudak - turd
10) Pidr - Homosexual, piedra
11) Yebanyy - fuqing
12) Okhuyel - To take hard feelings
14) Zayebal - You very wearied me
15) Nikhuya - It can have two values: Nothing or NO
16) Dokhuya - You look up at the stars and count them. When you are tired, it was only half of the Dokhuya
17) Uyobok - Very bad man

Game - 10/10, community - 2/10.

RESPECT FOR ALL GOOD RUSSIAN PLAYERS WHO ARE FRIENDLY AND HAVE GOOD MANNERS!

It has chickens !

Competitive, fun, and a nice break from....shudder.....call of duty.

Competitive in a nutshell:

-Atleast 1 Russian
-4 People calling one of another a hacker
-Two raging because they lost a single round
-1 Guy or more with a Clan-Tag
-50% chance to encounter a kid with a microphone
and of course
-The guy, who just plays for fun.

Apart from being primarily a game, made for entertainment and competitive purposes, CS:GO is also a powerful personal development tool. Aside from (arguably) improving reaction times and hand-eye coordination, it teaches valuable life lessons, including the following:

- It teaches you not to pay attention to other people's insults opinions. Dude

Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

Via Fokogrilo - 11/10 review!"

sou gud gaem plei errydey kill trrorists lose all mani
thx gaben
pew pew puf puf

NEVER EVER play on sale.
You can see how your rank will go down magically in a few days, and you will see much more magical new accounts with an high amount of magically high skilled new players. this game is so magic on sale, unbelievable.
buy it, wait 1-2 month, then play it... just wait for the VAC-Wizard so magic can happen to them and maybe then you can enjoy this game, but never ever if this game is on sale.

I was athletic and participated in things
then I found csgo

It's a great game to play, if you love being insulted by raging nerds who blame their teamates every time they get killed.

A game with a community which I have absolutely no hope for.
Let me elaborate on this one: the game itself is fun. But given that this is an online game, the fun gets taken away by other players. You have trolls, cheaters, smurfs (=high-ranked players on new accounts to play against low ranks to feel proud of themselves), and generally other ******** who think smacktalking players who are worse than you is fun.
Pair that with the salty teammates you get during competetive games, who get angry at you for not winning certain situations they wouldn't have won either.
If you plan to buy this game, be prepared to meet the worst kind of people you can imagine.

In other words: the players ruin an otherwise good game.

VALVE Thank you for releasing this fuc**** russian language simulator -_-
-Too many ing russian trolls and idiots
-Matchmaking guarantee 4 idiots in your team
-ing smurfs
-ing cheaters
-Valve don't pay attention to cheaters and always leaving them alone
-Do you want to communicate with your team? NO the only thing u are going 2 heard is  BLYAT!!!


Things I gave to Counter-Strike:
1. Time
2. Love

Things Counter-Strike gave me:

Rage
Hatred of some country!
Broken keyboard
Broken mouse
Server crashes
Multilingual cursing - I guess this is a good thing
Lag
Cheaters
64 tick servers
bad grades
headache from my  team
cancer

Don't buy this game If you have a life.

Things that will happen while you play CS:GO
You will get called a n00b.
You will get called a hacker.
You will get called a .
You will get called gay.
You will get sworn at. Lots.
You will get crazy people screaming at you.
You will chase chickens for the whole match.
You will get kicked.
You will get dominated by the same person for the whole match.
You will be on the losing team most rounds.
You will have less kills than deaths.
You will buy crazy StatTrak weapons, stickers and knives, but still only have 10 kills at the end of the match.

Things that will never happen when you play CS:GO
You will not get called a n00b.
You will not get called a hacker.
You will not get called a .
You will not get called gay.
You will not get sworn at. Ever.
You will not ever get screamed at.
You will not chase chickens the whole match.
You will not get kicked.
You will dominate that one n00b every match.
You will be on the winning team.
You will have more kills than deaths.
You will dominate everyone with your awesome StatTrak weapons.

10/10 - The best FPS I have ever played.

This Game Wasted The Following
1 - MyTime.
2 - MyMoney.
3 - MyFriends.
4 - MyFamily.
5 - MySchool.
6 - MySelf.
7 - MyLife.

10/10 I Would Do It Again

I spent 400 bucks for nothing but blues
I still cant aim right
I almost never played outside of Dust 2
I had so many sleepless nights
I hate every country and all living beings
I havent improved , many mistakes I did
I have heard so many screams
I've been always AWP'd when going mid
I knifed so many chickens
I played in servers with awful ticks
I saw women outside of the kitchen
Oh wait, its just a pervert dude with girl pics
I got fps lows at the worst time
Lag when I wanted none
Many brazilians who were edgy to the line
All my pride is gone
And no matter how many rounds I beat
How cool I am in the middle of the heat
How many matches I win
I will never be Global Elite

Buy it to your friends, family and children beach.

Great game that can teach you many things such as:

1. The Russian language.
2. How to be a tough guy that is afraid of nothing behind a screen.
3. How to be racist and sexist.
4. How to be spoiled as .
5. How awesome it feels to shout through your microphone and giving invalid instructions while someone is trying to pull off a clutch.
6. How to be disappointed in human beings.
7. How to socialise in a civilised and calm manner (/s).
And last but not least. How to be a complete  for no reason at all.

Aside from that, if you're willing to ignore the aforementioned it can be a truly great game. It has many goals for you to achieve if you wish other than the obvious goal of getting the highest ranking possible. You could always aim to get that gorgeous weapon skin you always wanted potentially without spending any money at all. It is highly recommended you find a few people to play with as solo queue is extremely toxic, harsh and often rude, as in every other game that has competitive matchmaking. Having 4 people to play with can be extremely fun since you can easily bond together and have fun either you win or lose. It's a good game and I do recommend it as long as you're willing to ignore the (Admittedly plenty of) things that are wrong with this game. Even if you don't, it can easily be worth it if your skin is thick enough or you can utilise (If you got the balls really) self-deprecation humour.

Learn Russian in a matter of hours with this simple language tutor, you will be placed into classes where the better your Russian the more advanced your class is, using the next-gen ranking system. In hourly chunks you will be put into classes of 10 where you in your team of 5 must amass the most number of russian curse words whithin the 1 minute you have to speak with the other team before, during and after the lesson. The team who wins the 5 on 5 challange will likely see thier rank increase to the next level to battle more advanced opponents in; Counter-Strike:  !

If this was a potato, well, it would be a good potato.

basically
>autism breeding ground
>so many ing smurfs
>much hack
>fun if you enjoy anal
>10/10 would kill a down syndrome child

(Update 24th of december)

It's just not what it's used to be anymore..


Community:

COD was most likely known for the game with the most toxic community full of kids, but since cod got worse a lot of kids came to csgo and here is the problem. The CS community became more toxic now and it's quite Annyoing for people to have a squeaker in their team. Their voice isn't even the problem.. It's just that they feel like KennyS and claim the AWP as their personal weapon for the whole game and if you tell them to stop playing AWP, you just get a '' you'' or ''shut up idiot'' in response. Now let's be honest, how many times did your mum get ed by 8 years old squeaker? According to the game probably over 10 times am I right? Don't get me wrong, it sure as hell is funny to make those kids mad, but at some point, they become a pain in the .


Competetive:

I used to play competetive with a full team, but sometimes you just don't get 5 friends to join and you just start looking for a game with 1 or  2 randoms. When you and your 2 friends found a game, you realize it was a mistake to play with 2 randoms, because either they are russians who were boosted and only speak in their language or you get 2 salty kids. Pretty much both russians or kids is bad, because once you lost 3 or 4 rounds, they start teamkilling and as a result they mostly receive a 7 days cooldown. Then you have a bot in your team and the game is probably lost. You are starting to feel upset and you are frustrated, because this match was a failure.


Elo system:

Don't have to say a lot about this right? A lot of people complain about the elo system in csgo and so do I. You're on a 8 games winstreak and then you lose 1 game and get downranked. Having a good rank is everyones goal in CS:GO, but ranks don't really say anything about skill anymore, because of all the smurfs. Yet you're eager to have a rank like LEM or supreme or even better... Global!


Skins:

A unnecessary feature which makes the game look nicer, but some skins just cost as much as a car in real life... I know, you don't have to get skins, but so many people buy those expensive skins and try to make other people jealous.. I think, it's kinda sad if someone wasted tons of money just for a digital item. Now skins are not just expensive, the other bad thing about this is the amount of scammers in this game.


Now if you look past all of those negative things I named in this review. Go ahead and buy this game. I won't stop you. This game can be a lot of fun with friends. Yet if you try to play it serious, this game becomes a really frustrating experience. CS:GO is broken, because of it's community and the latest updates weren't a big help either. Weapons like the M4A1-S that I used to play a lot are literally unplayable for me now oh and the messed up HUD in casual is still not fixed aswell as the spawning in teammates glitch. Hey but whatever instead of fixing those things Valve decided to add a new gun to this game. 10th december the R8 Revolver was added to this game and you were able to kill 5 people with one bullet. It caused a lot of hate, because this gun was like a freakin' AWP. They reduced the damage now though, but was it really necessary to add a revolver?

Oh also. Save your ''just because you're silver'' comments okay? Thank you.

HOLY ING . I WAS ON CS:GO AND MY DAD SAID, SON WHAT THE  ARE YOU DOING ON CS:GO" AND I SAID " YOU DAD" AND THEN HE PUNCHED A WALL AND IT BROKE SO I THREW MY COMPUTER AT HIM BUT IT MISSED AND HIT MY MOM AND THEN MY SISTER WAS LIKE WHAT THE  SCRUFFY AND THEN I REALIZED I WAS A DOG SO I TOOK A  ON THE FLOOR. IT WAS THE BEST DAY EVER."

The third" game in the critically acclaimed First Person Shooter series that have shaped the PC gaming industry for years. Originally a mod for Half-Life turned into a stand-alone

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a brilliant game, there is no doubt about it, defintely my favorite multiplayer game that is available today! However, a game should be played purely for the sake of fun, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive can be the perfect combination of competetive and fun, but whether or not you actually manage to get any fun out of it constantly feels very doubtful in the games current state.

Simply put, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a modernised version of the Counter-Strike everybody knows and loves, only this time it has a ranking system and balanced matchmaking" so that you always get a "fair game regardless of your skills"

If you're not buying this game, I'm gonna spank your mother.

Ever wanted an amazing FPS, team based, strategy game? You have the need to unleash the strategic beast in you? You want to co-operate with friendly people to win 16 rounds? Well, hopefully you can get past Legendary Eagle Master rank ASAP or your dreams will never come true!
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the best FPS on the market. It teaches you about teamwork and your place in the squad as an individual, both on the offence and the defence. It offers multicultural experience. It feels like a gateway to Russia. De_Dust2 is only one click away! Get your russian dictionaries and prepare for the ride of your life!
But what does the game offer, you might ask?
- Amazing and responsive 64 tick servers!
- Regular updates to feed your gambling addiction introducing new ways to waste money!
- A chance to meet Russians from all over the world!
- Inhuman strength giving you the opportunity to jump with a sniper rifle and still hit your shots as recoil doesn't matter! It's pure RNG!
- New to FPS genre? Don't sweat it! Just  blyat idi nahui
- A world where pistols do more damage than rifles
And much, much more!
Don't miss out! CS:GO is the game for You!

I used to smoke a lot , Trees,  big ones . But i decided to quit because my doctor suggested it and we all know it is unhealthy. Now i  regret that i quit smoking because this game gave me cancer anyway . 10/10

Worse than a meth addiction

This game has a feature were you can turn $2.50 into 10!

Then you bet that 10 skin you just got on CSGO lounge to try and make your money back, but then lose the bet.

Outraged you decide to buy another key, hoping that this will make up your money by pulling a knife, only to find that you got another 10 skin.

Hundreds of dollars later, finally you think you have learnt your lesson, to not buy keys and decide to buy a skin straight off the market for full price.

Being still resonably new to the game, you click the unknown link, unaware of what is going on, you later realise that you have been scammed.

Thats right that skin you bought, more expensive then the game, and all 10 skins you have purchased for $2.50 are gone.

Outraged once again, you start this process all over, this time knowing the chances of you pulling a knife and making your money back are extremely, slim, but you feel that this will be the one, lol nope get rekt son, 69 skin.

1hr
2hr
3hr
4hr
10hr
20hr
60hr
100hr
200hr
400hr
500hr
600hr
700hr
750hr
850hr
900hr
978hr
1,000+hr

SOMEONE HELP ME I CANT STOP!!!!!!!! ;w;

My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate

They say that its easier to tear someone down than it is to build someone up. Its true. Its ing true how no one does anything about it. They go with it and call you a  or ing garbage and so on. No one cares about the kid who just sits there doing nothing wrong and gets called that. No one cares about the one who isnt as good as the rest, and sits in spawn while his team constantly calls him gay and a  head and constantly pointing every single thing that hes done wrong. No one bothers to give lending advice or compliment what good hes done. They just tear down the foundation of him. They dont bother mending to the walls of the household; theyd rather fire the cannons at it. They would rather choke you with aspersion than give just one compliment. The world would much rather lead the child to end of his short life, and throw away all his progress and the [wonderful] things he would accomplish later on in life.
The world is sick, to me. I just wish people would cast aside the brutes club, and wield the carpenters hammer.

The game itself is good, however, the community sucks.

I haven't seen daylight for the past year, send help.

best cod so far im getin so meny hitmarkers here its like im an 7man klizign robot quikskopes r amazhun and noscopes everwher if u don paly this ur an faje the intervention in this gem is glitched tho so looks like sum gya gun but hopefuly that r gon has b #fixed soon mtn jew ads everwher which make de gem more imerse and the singelpalyer storyline is full of sexplosions which provide maximum replay value i competed in all the top MLJ matches and won ever time not evn an jok or a trike legit truths axe any member of OpTiC Allah blessed me and gave me a 9/11 and said im okay and sine ib blessed i can bless this game with a 9/11 asswell gg hopefully no re (   )

BEST GAME EVER

Why i love cs go:
1.More and more cheaters after every discount.
2.Unboxing cases 10/10
3.Gaben drowning in your money
4.Vac system sucks
5.#1 Russian language simulator 11/10



R8 and patch that came with it ruins the game. Fix and give money back to people whom have spent it on r8 skins...

Things I learnt from this game
-Fluent Russian
-A kid has ed my entire family
-Smurfs are 
-I'm a noob according to the bottom Fragger who is Russian
-Players not connecting and thus the match being cancelled
-When the enemy ties the game
-Brought on my drug addiction of cocaine due to rage
-The addiction of CSGO
-Skin Whoring
-More Russian Swear words
-Memorisation of the bomb code
-ed up my sleep pattern
-Overall, Russian Simulator
11/10 would russian again

Best chicken kill simulator, period.

Everyone that kills you is a hacker, everyone you kill is a noob!
10/10 would buy again

Internet crashed at the start of a competitive match and I got a 24 hour ban.

10/10.

The Russians make this game terrible, Valve should lock all Russian IP-Addresses to play with each other, instead of ruining the game experience of us who are able to speak English and communicate.

SPATALUSKI  BLIET  CYKA!!!!!!!" -Every Russian player"

Bought it for 11.99
Fell into Gaben's trap and ended up spending 1600+ on cases and left with .

Well worth it if you ask me.

Ye nice game <3

It's ok I guess.

What is CSGO?
CSGO is an ocean, the further down you go in rank the more you drown in speds and scrubs. Eventually you go past the point of no return and you simply cannot return to the surface, forced to suffocate beneath the waves being dragged down by anchors and asphyxiate from the high pitched shrieks of  Rego on this server"."

A Russian Case opening simulator invented by Gabe Newell.
You have spent approximately $659.17 USD in the game"
R.I.P Private Economy

Gabe Newell is fat."

Keep Low
Move Fast
Kill First
Die Last
One Shot
One Kill
No Luck
Pure Skill

10/10


shot a guy and he died, was pretty fun so i did it again 10/10

i've played this game 4 at least three hours now and i can conclude that it N SUCKS..

first off the arcrtic warfare sniper kills with one hit?? are you kiddin??? i thought this was a GAME not real life...

if i wanna die in one hit ill get shot in real life..

Good

gave me ebola

My friend told me he didnt like this game.

I told him I was globally offended. #roasted

10/10

Lose Faith In Humanity Simulator 2012

CS: GO kill yourself

It has guns - you shoot guns. Win.

You shoot people and stuff

The perfect game with a MM based system.
PROS: 	-You can play with a max of 5 friends in competitive and 10 people in other tipe of game.
-You can buy skins that are expensive has f*ck.
-You can play with the BEST community of all FPS
-You can get cases drop who are expensive when came out but when pass 2 days they are like 0.03$
-Best smurf simulator. The silvers 1 are actually Global Elites
-Best aimbot and wallhack simulator.
-You can not surrender until someone leave
-Sparkles new car
-You can run it on a potato
-C*ka blyat
-Boludo
-Lixo
-Double f*cking knives
-awwwyeh.jpg

CONS:	-Can't run
-Russians
-9/10 READY
-Hitboxes

Conclusion:	THIS GAME IS AWESOME DONT EVEN HAVE ANY BUG OR GLITCH
WILL BUY IT AGAIN AND OVER AND OVER
BUT THEY TAKE MY SOUL AND MY MONEY WITH THE RANK UP AND THE SKINS
F*CKING GABE YOU DO IT AGAIN.

Destroys friendships and you'll get screamed at every 2 minutes. Like dota with guns.

An intense, story-driven game written by the community, brought down by glaring flaws. The plot revolves around a bunch of screaming manchildren locked into a constant battle for guns with paintjobs. Hack wars commence, scams are carried out, and viruses are created in an attempt to gain any leverage possible. As one of the many players of this war, you must choose your allegiances properly. Will you simply be another casual" and be called every name in the book by others for poor performance

This game tought me that:
-Killing chikens worths the same as killing terrorists
-Everyone can be Russian
-Terrorsits get Dollar for killing Americans
-It doesn't matter, if you win or lose, you get money anyways
-You can be noob because of anything
-You can be kicked for everything
-Giving headshots means you're a hacker
-Getting headshots means you're a noob
-The guy with the least points gets drops
-12 years old will  your mother
-P90 is op
-Scar20 is op
-A+ on Russian exam

110/10

420/10 not as good as skyrim its alright i guess though" -#IGN"

Remember, No Russian.

I've wasted over 200 hours of my pathetic life on this  game. Its not even fun its the exact same thing over and over again. Just like my life. Anyway, you can get new skins. Also, instead of fixing hitboxes, weapons, and servers, Valve released new summer skins, so while you get ed in the head you can inspect your weapon. Also, every single game I join I get called  for how I sound, and god forbid that you actually want to have fun. This game, will want to make you rethink your puny existince on this galaxy, and about how you are spending it shooting the same  over and over.

New Stat Traks thoo#######
Cant even spell Track right the ing .
10/10 Would try to kill myself again
Thx Valve

UPDATE
I have now.... 542 hours in this game. I have wasted another 300 hours of my life, with this thing going on in my head.
Now now, I know what you may be thinking. 300 hours? There surely must be some improvements with this game between then and now.
HahahahahHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAA
I just got banned, for no being able to reconnect to a match. Not my fault, I was online, everything was going swell. DANDY. Until it kicked me out, and banned me. I final  shot in the eye.
This game....has ruined my entire life. I could of done so much with my life, been something, but csgo took my lifes goals. I couldnt balance it out. This game grasps you by your balls, brings you to your knees, shoots its load in your mouth, then makes you feel like a piece of  swallowing
One thing when you are playing this game to remember is that, it is never VALVES fault. It is always your fault. Everything in this game is well designed, elaborate, and rich, with team based elements. That is until you actually play the game. Then you realize everyone is as big of a ing  as you are.

I hate this game, it ruined my life, it ruined my dreams, it ruined me.
I never want to play this game again, I never want to see it again. I want to bury it under six feet of dirt.
LOL @ ZOMBYE CHICKENS LOLOLOLOLOL
HAHAH MASKS thats  GR8 I can feel Like A VILLIAN
DANKS VALVE.

I have no reason to live anymore.

10/10 would reccomend if masochist, depressed, suicidal, or a GIANT.....ING.....LOSER
Or if ur like me, and all of the aboVE.

------------------------------------
I told myself I would stop playing this game.
Im going to tell myself it again.
I ing hate this game.
It's worse than being addicted to ing meth.
Still by some miracle havent offed myself.
At least I can be a cowboy now. (Great R8 m8)

You don't know russian language ? Then buy this game and you will get free lessons ! :))

Enter in a match
Find kids
Lose the match
Get called noob" by the kids
Do a 2 Vs 2 with the kids
Win against 'em 9 - 1
Get called hacker

10/10 Would get called hacked again by CoD kiddies
"

This game is better than COD.

- It has good graphic
- Doesn't come every year
- Best FPS game
- Weird/funny bugs
- It has Money Waste Simulator
- Skins that worth more than your PC
- 5 different game modes (Deathmatch, Arms Race, Demoliton, Casual and Competitive)
- Popular maps (DUST II)
- You can learn Russian
10/10 would. BEST FPS For now

Hate taking responsibility? Do you like to blame others for your own mistakes?

Then buy this game.

Knife in real life: 10
Knife in game: 400

Really?........
It's just a f*cking video game!!!

Can't find a single game without smurfs ruining it.

Fix matchmaking ffs

O futuro!

The CS:GO community is full of immature, edgy teenagers and college kids who still think homophobic and racist slurs are the epitome of wit. Unless you find a server with a well-adjusted group of admin, be ready to be critiqued regularly, insulted for every kill, and harassed if you even think about just playing to have fun instead of to win. Don't use the weapon of someone else's choice? Then you're a . If you're as lucky as I've been, and find comrades who just want to play without trash talk and accusations of cheating at the slightest hint of success, you can actually eke out some enjoyment from the game. Most public servers are pure-grade garbage though. Sadly, trying to complete one of the new missions they've implemented means sometimes having to tolerate listening to non-stop tantrums by some twelve year old whose voice hasn't even cracked yet.

And every time you decide you've had enough, Valve releases another patch with new gun skins because that's what draws people back in, and you realize that you can actually make money by just playing the game and selling the  you receive for free just for playing. Oh look, a new skin case just came out. Prices for it are going to be high at first, better play some CS:GO, get some case drops and sell them so I can buy a game that doesn't make me want to shoot myself when I listen to the other people playing it.

amended 07/29/14: Guess what? Sending me offensive comments and hate mail only serves to prove my point as to the maturity level of your average CS:GO player, it doesn't hurt my feelings, but it does get you reported. By all means, keep it up!

When I first started playing CS:GO I was a bit overwhelmed, not just because I was bad but because I couldn't communicate with anyone... It seems like everyone talks to eachother using just two words which are C y k a" and "B l y a t"

Lose Faith In Humanity Simulator 2014

Really good game. Very simple, yet complex at the same time. For first time players: DO NOT let the game's recoil mechanics scare you away. It will take some time to get used to but once you do, it is a great game.

PROS: [+]
-Great community (COMPARED TO SOME OTHER GAMES)
-Frequent updates
-Tradable stuff
-Source Engine means that players from GMod, CS 1.6/Source, etc. won't (or at least shouldn't) have a hard time adapting to new controls and physics.
-VERY Competitive at higher levels
-Tons of workshop files and tons of room to make your own skins and maps
-Weapon skins
-Multiple modes for casual or competitive and more
-High FPS on almost any PC (great optimization)

CONS: [-]
-Skins can be expensive or worthless
-Skins and cases can suck the money out of you if you let it
-Recoil is not very easy to get used to
-No aiming down sights (FOR NEW PEOPLE, CALM DOWN VETS)
-Cooldowns can be handed out unfairly
-Low graphic quality/detail compared to other games (IT IS SOURCE, CALM DOWN)
-MP only (if you are reading this, you most likely have internet at home, THERE IS A BOTS ONLY OPTION)
-Hackers do like to hack in competitive matches at higher levels
-Callouts are not that easy to learn for beginners

OVERALL:
Get it. If it is on sale, CS:GO is an even better deal. The recoil was my biggest challenge at the start but just take some time to practice with bots. Perfect for traders, casual FPS players, competitive FPS players, and workshop content creators.

RATING:
9.5/10

YOP TVAJU MATYE

SUKA YOBANA

DAJ DROP IDI NAHUI

RUSH B SHAD  DEH FAK AP BISH IDI NAHUI TI UZE ZAJEBAL

BLYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTT


CS:GO is a great russian dictionary.

Achetez ce jeu si vous prenez option russe pour votre baccalaureat.

This game teached me how to :

1) Waste an endless amount of money on pixels.
2) Speak russian.
3) Hate russians.
4) Cry.

Let Me share My Recent MM experience .Yesterday we went 0-1 CT side Dust2. One guy called gg, called everyone noobs and went AFK until round 4, and his friend ragequit and rejoined on round 4 so he wouldn't have to bother playing the eco rounds. We ended up winning 16-5, regardless of all the GG calls and  Blyats at the start.

I muted them all as soon as they just started giving each other  in a shouting match at the start of round 2. When I unmuted at 14-4 they were all best ing buddies. Giving each other calls, nice shot guy!"

The worst Matchmaking in gaming history...

We all got here in 2012 and were like: It's great fun but pretty rough around the edges

This game is far better than Call of Duty

Things I gave to Counter-Strike:
1. Money
2. Time
3. Love

Things Counter-Strike gave me:
1. Arthritis
2. Rage
3, Hatred of Russians,Spanish, and Russians
4. Broken keyboard
5. Broken mouse
6. 9/10 ready
7. Server crashes
8.  teammates
9. Competitive matches
10. Ez Pz" spam
12. Multilingual cursing - I guess this is a good thing?
13. Lag
14. Cheaters
15. 64 tick servers
16. Empty wallet
17. Being a waiting simulator
18. Bullets landing everywhere but where I want them to.
19. Unfunny  Memes
20. A fear of chickens

Essentially - CS is a greedy woman

Volvo fix it please ;d

When I reviewed Counter-Strike Source a few years ago, I called it things like immortal" and "the definitive multiplayer FPS."

The Awp is easily one of the most satisfying weapons in gaming. Quickscoping and noscoping can be a gamble - I really like the balance and precise feel of the Awp.  The rest of the weapons feel really good - there is much more variety here: we are talking custom weapon skins and even a custom loadout for each team.  This is one of the areas where CS:GO shines

Buy P90 + kevlar and helmet, some flashes and you are ready to go for Global Elite.

I bought cs:go for the storyline and the mmo feeling i haven't had since World of Warcraft.A few people ask me how the hell i speak russian and what is the fastest way to learn it.The answer is obivious... CS:GO!This is the game where you can enjoy all of your fetishes including tea-bagging,flaming noobs,being noob,singin with your mentally disabled polish friends,planting bombs with arabian guys and the best of all .... CHICKENS!!!!Of course there are chickens even on the nucler plant, planty of chickens.Ohh and the best in the game the totally fair matchmaking system that helps you find the best russian mates only on dust2 just for you in your skillgroup.Sometimes you even find players with mental skills over a 5 year old baby.Ohh and you can meet traders (Jews of steam) and scammers (Gypsies of steam) they are always the most trustable people you can ever meet on this globe so far.Every minute you invest into this amazing game enchance your not existing skill and accuary to make you one of the worst silver that universe ever seen.I wish good luck for this really great game i can only recommend it for others for such a lot of great reasons ^^ . It's still one of the best games out there so go and buy it guys ;)

Good bye :D - Titantiger/Jega5

This game has AK-47s. Most maps are well balanced, such as de_dust2 and slightly favour CT side. Although the recent map de_Paris is T-sided. Will play again with AK-47,  best killstreak ever.

First Off...
Im not sure when Trolls, Smurfs, and Hacks began to become the norm, but the game is broken.
They put it on sale for 5.00. Kids buy it just to hack it. Valve knows, they dont care. And all we do is BUY BUY BUY
skins. I mean 400.00 for a knife skin? WTF?!??!!? Didnt we used to be able to get those for free?  The guys hacking have a customer service number to call if they cant set it up correctly. Hacking is Big Business. They took 12 name tags from me, all because of 1 off-color gun name. Meanwhile, vulgarity far worse than my gun name, is allowed to cheat, troll, and make the game unplayable. Because its funny to watch people get . And valve does nothing but put the game on sale. And kids, Rememer. When you tell ghame developers that your ok with paying 65.00 + 35 or 50 for the season pass".  You set what the market will bear. Thus making games MORE expensive for us

High potential, but that's about it.

-Worst community of any game I have seen in my 20 years
-Regular players just  about how matchmaking and the like suck all the time
-Ridiculous amount of scammers for pathetically expensive skins
-Joining servers is still the same as it was a decade ago
-Hardly fleshed out at all, including competitive
-Encourages kids to throw their parents money at the wall
-Getting into the game is nigh-impossible with incredibly unwelcoming casual community, and incredibly elitist competitive community
-Why do the characters hands look ?
-Every update makes the game stutter like crazy for some people.

+Great physics and maps.

If you buy this game don't take it seriously or you'll end up sad, confused, and devoid of money

I have 4000 hours in garry's mod but at least I got laid because of it

This game is not for the short run...its a way of gaming, its a way of life, it is a passion for competetive e-sport....once you go deep in this, theres not a single other game out there that could satisfy you this much.

An average  motivational review of matchmaking (ranked) reactions.

If you win:

Spam stuff!
>examples: ez, boosted silvers..

Show everyone how loud your voice is..
>examples: FFFUuuU, EZ, NOOBS ..

Rage about a weapon or case that should have dropped for you, but instead dropped for someone else!
>example: OMG WHY YOU GOT IT WITH YOUR SH*T SCORE AND I GOT NOTHING ..

Demand commendations from your team, when you finish the game with like 10 kills more than anyone in team or game!
>example: Commend me b*tches for free carry!

Report the enemy with highest score!
>Obviously this guy cheated in the end, to turn around the match!

Thank your team for the match (and the enemy team in some cases)
>example: FFFUU all.. This was so easy..
>example 2 (ONLY when you got the lowest score): Thanks everyone for match! You did great! ..

IF you lose

Again, spam stuff!
>examples: omfg noob team kids russians spanish aliens no mic no sound..

Once more, show your maturity and multilanguage skills over mic!
>examples: report all, p90 noobs, scar noobs, awp noobs, ssg noobs .... wh, aims ..

Report all enemies!
>Obviously you lost the match because they had one or everyone were cheaters!

Show the weakest enemy (score) how lucky he was
>example: STFU NAB YOU WERE CARRIED!

If you get an item you were the best in your team so you deserved it. Show it to your teamates
>example: Nabs fffuu all at least i got an item for trying!

If you lose a rank (like from MGE back to MG2 etc), let your teamates know..
>Tell them how bad they are and that your going to report everyone for this great loss!

If you had the lowest score
>Tell your team how bad was your day, your lag, your cat giving you allergies.. Or you can blame your team for not dropping you an awp..

Spam for a kick! You are so good. You wont lose that rank because of nabs ruinning your match.. You demand a kick NOW!
>You get a kick, all is well.. flame a bit then get back on matchmaking...
>You won't get a kick: Flame those nabs.. They are wasting your time and money!! Think fast.. how long since your last CD? Week? 2 weeks? GOOD! Next round pick up your shotgun and blow your teamate's head.. 30 minutes? One hour? pff you can go to trade and check the kniev! prices!


AMAZING GAME 11/10! Would spend 500$ for a knife!!

101/10. would go AFK again.

it's fun sometimes

I really enjoy playing it.

Total trash.

Useless updates like new rank system. Hackers everywhere, smurfs and ofc toxic community.



Do you want a fast-paced multiplayer FPS that is riddled with inconsistent crap netcode that readily bends over a barrel and presents a jasmine scented  which pooches open in anticipation for every two-bit hacker" on the Internet? Well then THIS IS FOR YOU!

Do you enjoy an endless torrent of t hackers? Teamkillers? Smurfs? Gobshites with broken microphones who will readily spout an everlasting supply of foreign swear words while you're trying to listen for the enemy? That's right

Bought game
Played game
Got killed by a russian
Kicked the russian
Got banned

5/5 would play again if werent banned for 7 days.

If you want to play a game filled with smurfs, hackers, s and kids to young to leagally own the game then this is the game for you! I shall divide it up in those categories and leave any other subjects to the end.
Also fair wanring; english is not my first language, spelling errors are expected.

Smurfs:
Enjoy sitting trough a 30-40 minutes of getting pwnd'ed. Theese guys just figured that its getting to tough and serious playing their own rank and want a relaxing game. the end result is that you will have a not so fun game where a smurf, or even a team of smurf is gonna basically show your head down the toilet. You can expect the same acompaniying trashtalk.

Hackers:
Well, more or less the same as the smurfs, but any element of fun is gone from the game. depending on what level of hacking its all the more infureating. Spinbotters are ok, they will at least make the game very quick.

s:
Theese come in many forms, but usually its the one teamate on your team who thinks he is kennyS and will not shut up so you can try to listen to footsteps, but totally knows without info that they are somewhere else and that you suck. also in this category ate the  two subjects mentioned above and dj's, trolls and the one russian souting GIVE ME AWP and stalks/blocks/shoots you untill he has the desired weapon, and then dies because he hasnt paid any attention.

Kids To Young to Legally Own the Game:
Theese are just cute to listen to, but share many of the traits of the A-hole subject. They will not shut up, altho they will try their hardest to actually play the game. Tho they have a tendency to scream off your eardrums, ragequit and start to alk you, your teammates and the others, but its very entertaining concidering how old they are. Bring popcorn.

Other subjects, well, if you are superlucky you might get a fun challening game with people of equal skill. these games will test your reaction and teamwork. what can I say, theese games are just awesome and if you are playing with friends its sooo satesfying. All the different ways to take a bombsite or to get to a hostage, or defend it as the case may be will always be changing. Best to play with a full team of friends.

Csgo takes alot of practise, its not a pickupandshoot game. You WILL need to warmup, you will need to learn callouts and the maps and you definitely need to keep a positive attitude.

However as csgo is right now, 9/10 games will have a smurf or hacker theese days, and its made csgo horrible to play.To play any rank below LEM is horrible and will hell.

Owerall, dont buy the game unless you enjoy being frustrated; its to late for me but save yourself!!! :O


Edit 22/04-16
A helpful commenter reminded me of Russians. Now I do realize that not all the people we call russians are actual russians, but nowadays its more of a term of that" kind of players... The ones that do not speak a word of english

skins > skills

Steam just offered to write a review for CS: GO. I don't own CS: GO and haven't played it, but who could say no to Gabe Almighty?

So don't be like me, play your games before reviewing them.

not enough angry russians

I've played for a short period of time, but I can say that, the game is decent.

I use this game to spread the teachings of Jesus, the people on this game need it more than anyone I have ever met.

Nice graphics, new maps, weapons and models. But developers should listen to the customers a bit more. Developers you are focused too much on things that are not important at all. You should focus on changing the tick rate of the match making servers to 128 and improving VAC a lot. Those two are what customers really want and you should focus on. Not stickers, UI and HUD changes or skins. And stop messing around with the weapons.

go play call of duty

If you ever wanted to lose faith in humanity, here's your chance! For only 10.99, after every match you will be greeted by angry and provocative display of stupidity. For every person who isn't a fan of smart humans, you can observe filthy tribals and other infidels of our modern society in their natural habitat. You are guaranteed to witness stupidity in any match you play, competitive or otherwise!

Damage given 99 in 1
Damage given 67 in 6
Damage given 98 in 5
Damage given 91 in  1
Damage given 16 in 1

It's Best first person shooter game available on Steam.
Community is very much active and game is updating every month and so. Good official servers and support.

Awesome. Better graphics, new guns that have been update from CSS, and the game itself is similar to CSS, which in my opinion is a great thing and it's only $15.

Overall Great game.

My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through. I agreed. At 28

Finally a game where I can scream ALLAHU AKBAR without anyone calling the police on me :3

Honestly, whether you can aim or not is irrelevant. The TRUE definition of skill is your ability to argue with everyone. people being put into 5v5 teams is just to create the illusion of a team game. It's actually 1v1v1v1v1v1v1v1v1v1. Whoever rustles the most jimmies wins.

Also just like to add that the Russians are currently dominating at this sport at the moment.

Valve has no understanding of their own game.

i make money from virtual skins 10/10

Things that CS:GO will give to you:

- A very good competitive game where you have 10x more Russians then in other ones.
- The knowledge of the Russian language and the poeple that live in Russia.
- a broken headset.
- a broken chair.
- a broken mouse
- a broken keyboard
- 3 cent skins.
- Isolation from the outside world.
- Russian friends.
- Abillity to know that someone is hacking after his first kill.

What you have to give Valve in return:
- Money.
- Suck Gabens .
- Money.
- Time.
- 2x more money.
- Love.

9/10 Would make a smurf account to play with more Russians again.

PS. The game gets realy fun once you get to Legendary Eagle and higher.


Worth every penny and agonizing moment of depression.

pew pew pew bang bang bang ratatatatatata BOOM simulator.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X96nnnOJvtw
Just AimPerhaps not most noob friendly game when it comes to skill or community, but however offers lot of competitive play for those who seek it. While the game has its problems with hackers who bring down both competitive and casual experience i still think the game is really well made on engine aspect of things. While i don't share all design choices in the game such as vote kick which can be easily manipulated by group of people.

In the end of the CSGO might be a better game for competitive person than a casual (More in-depth analysis out of this game in my video review)

This is why i don't have a life. 10/10 would binge again

Years of playing overrated AAA shooting games with lens flares, blood on the corners of your vision, and blue everything have since taken me away from the good old primative day of filling in the shoes of generic swat teams fighting generic terrorists; of which both groups lack the ability to look down the sights of all but a few weapons.

Then I found Counter-Strike: Global Offensive.

Being set eight years after the events of the previous game, there are noticeable changes brought upon by the passage of time. For example, the cognitive ability of hostages have further decreased to the point where they can't walk on their own. Moreover, both the terrorists and counter-terrorists adpoted new-found language ability. Finally, as we've evolved from the black and white days to being able to see the world in color, the world of Source has evolved drasticly in it's graphics in the eight-year gap between games.

Among the new things introduced are atom-wide ledges, birds of superavian strength, and a modernized Russian train station which pays tribute to the skillful, fun to play with, and polite players of the Motherland.

Finally, Counter Strike: Global Offensive has gone above and beyond the expectations of being an emergant AAA title by introducing an economy system that teaches rich naive kids the harshness of the post-2008 economy. Bravo.

I've only played a bit of it but I will reward this game with a 9/10 for it's advanced chicken AI and the hyper-realistic sounds they make when you caress them with knifes in a fashion akin to spreading butter.

CS:GO (Chicken Seeker: Guaranteed Offbase) is a game where you seek your lost chickens so that you can return to your farm. Using different mechanics to scare your chickens and herd them to different points on the map (Point A and Point B) is the objective of the game, you'll find that it's both fun and challenging to get your chickens there safely. Unfortunately, the multiplayer aspect of this game is full of people who find it fun to disrupt your game. It's almost impossible to spawn into the game without getting griefed by your fellow players, they will try their very best to kill both you and your chickens. The game itself is unmoderated and this behavior seems to go unpunished, the makers of the game seem to think this behavior is funny and have indulged the joke by coding the bots to grief in much the same way. Until this very serious problem is addressed I will have to give this a thumbs down. Only buy this game if you enjoy not being able to play your game due to a toxic community and incompetent developers who think such behavior is funny.

A really hard one. could barely give this game a positive review but...

Score is 0:10. All of the team buys auto snipers. Score is 8:10.
 
 
  !!!!

Dust 2. T side, I buy an AWP. a guy gets in the scope while i shoot. I got a 7 day ban.
 
 
  !!!!

I clicked Accept" for a competitive. i Alt-Tabbed. The game crashed and i didnt even notice. I got a 7 day ban.
 
 
  !!!!

Israel vs Cyprus. Israeli players are playing since 1.6 came out. Israel lost to cyprus 0:2

i meen iz ok its kind of a rip off of coutner strike source tho lol wtf valcve? getting lazy now that gaben has o much money

Revolver update amung global gun nerf ruined the game, then forcing shorter round times and bomb timers that havnt been touched for 10 years.

Way to shoot yourselves in the foot Valve, not that you give a damn.

Got banned for 7 days for killing a troll once who killed 2 people prior (needless to say he didn't get banned).

i put over 50 into this game and valve just  on my face for it.

 You Valve you .

10/10 Flawless banning system.

What's new in counter strike:
|_PROS_|

+Console
+Radar on the map(best ever compared with the previous editions)
+Graphics improved(environment,textures,anti aliasing,FX)
+More realistic movements
+One of the most perfect multiplayer experience if you have company(clan)
+Recoil(difficult compared with the previous editions 1.6 and source)
+Improved game dynamics and gun mechanics
+More options and modes(arms race-competitive-casual-deatmatch)
+Many server availuable to play immediatly
+Reliable sites are available for pugs scrims and tour's(CEVO,esea,ESL etc)
+Updates make it better day per day


What remains same:
|_CONS_|

-C H E A T E R S the major problem

What needs to change immediately:

-First VAC then 50% sales(lets sell again to cheaters,time to get some cash again)
-Unfair rank system(only MVP tab shows real efforts and skill)
-Valve stop care about selling skins and clean the community(paper over all i know)
-Better VAC system(update it more often like the cases)
-More VAC waves
-64 tick(low performance)
-Add Heckler & Koch MP5(we need it back on the scene)
-Change the sounds clips for some weapons(AK-47 etc)

Sexu skins 10/10

I love this game!

If you decide to buy this game here's 10 Tips:
1) Your ears are your eyes.
2) Echo = Eco
3) AVP = AWP
4) Top left you have radar. Learn to use it.
5) The guns have rubber barrels so when you hold the trigger for more than 3 shots, the bullets will go all over the screen.
6) P90 was crafted by Gods so it's users are not hackers.
7) If you have the bomb, sit behind your team like a good dog.
8) The game's secret name is Counter-Strike: Dust 2.
9) Competitive is the main game mode but there are other modes for your little kids too!
10) If you easily get brain cancer just from losing one match STAY AWAY FROM COMPETITIVE! you psycho!

P.S. I'm not a doctor.

Cheater here, cheater there, cheater everywhere.

I bought this Game with 3.75.But the skins cost me more than 375.

Counter-ers: Skins Offensive.

Just perfect FPS game. If you've played Counter Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike and for me killing in Global Offensive makes me feels good.
This game has the best chicken al of gaming history xD

A great game for all who think their self-esteem is too high and needs to be taken down a notch (all the way)

Great game but the community ruins it.

Counter-Strike:GO is a pretty darn good game but its toxic community is absolutely horrible.

Competitive mode mostly consists of people that show zero respect towards other people.
They tend to flame, teamkill, etc. (you name it) others if players don't meet their expectations and will just ruin your game(s). Most of them lack communication skills as well.
Competitive mode is supposed to be a 5v5 team-oriented game but it just feels like a Onemanarmy:walkinglikeaheadlesschicken mode because most of the time people refuse to cooperate as a team.

For the other modes; I'm not going to cover them, either because they're not relevant for this review (This review is primarily focused on the competitive mode) or because the same t mentioned above applies there too.

I only recommend playing competitive mode with friends. You won't get any fun out of it otherwise, unless you get lucky and get grouped with 0,01% of the community that are actually nice and show some respect.

A great game in the shadow of an absolutely horrible community.
Pathetic. Just pathetic.


On a side-note; take a general look at how the communities of online PVP games have changed over the last 10 years. It hurts me to see how gaming communities in general have changed to what they are now.

Too many cheaters

At first, when I started playing this game,I didn't know how to give this game a review,  but now I know for sure.
It's really addicting. But it sucks. Why? Because there are always raging russians/kids that keeps on making my eardrums explode.
Game: 11/10
Community:0,9/10
EDIT: According to people, the community doesn't exist. I think it's true.

CS:GO is very realistic, the biggest similarity with real life being the fact that they both suck balls.
Also, don't forget to buy our keys for only $2.49 for a chance to get a gun with a texture made in GIMP in 5 minutes that makes it look like a Hot Wheels toy.

Spending days and nights on competitive matches or on grinding surf maps.

If you like surfing on CS:GO:

 SurfHeaven #1 Beginner [Tier 1]:  178.32.188.96:27015
 SurfHeaven #2 Easy [Tier 1-2]:  178.32.188.97:27015
 SurfHeaven #3 Medium [Tier 2-3]:  178.32.188.98:27015
 SurfHeaven #4 Hard [Tier 3-6]:  178.32.188.99:27015

 SurfHeaven #5 [Top100 #1]:  178.32.188.100:27015
 SurfHeaven #6 [Top100 #2]:  51.255.127.66:27015
 SurfHeaven #7 [Top100 #3]:  51.255.127.67:27015

Currently admin on SurfHeaven. Add me if you have questions.

Sometimes I want to play matchmaking, but on the official Competitive Servers, you have to be better than Hackers and Smurfs.

ESEA:

 https://play.esea.net/

one of my favorite games ever. the only drawback: Hackers.

Since i started to play counter strike global offensive a new world opened for me! With all the tactics i learned from this game life has become easier for me. Whenever i'll go running im sure to take a knife with me so i can run even faster then i usually do! I made a fake bomb and painted an A on the floor in the living room. Whenever i come out of the shower i wrap my towel around my head and pretend to be a terrorist. I pick up the bomb i made and run around in my house. When i reach the living room i plant it on the A" side and make some beeping sounds. Sometimes my dog gets close to me when i plant and he starts to lick my rectal opening. I think this is just one of the side effects of playing this game.

My family thinks i'm crazy and my girlfriend left me because of it. This game has become life for me and i don't know what i should do without it. Thank you Gaben

After revoler update this game is broken

this is the most expensive game i've ever played

Shift Simulator

Uh
Not too sure what to write here so heres a recipe for Pancakes instead

Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg
2 large eggs, at room temperature
1 1/4 cups milk, at room temperature
1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed

Now to make it
1. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg.
2. In another bowl, beat the eggs and then whisk in the milk and vanilla.
3. Melt the butter in a large cast iron skillet or griddle over medium heat.
4. Whisk the butter into the milk mixture. Add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture, and whisk until a thick batter is just formed
5. Keeping the skillet at medium heat, ladle about 1/4 cup of the batter onto the skillet, to make a pancake. Make 1 or 2 more pancakes, taking care to keep them evenly spaced apart. Cook, until bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, and the undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip with a spatula and cook about 1 minute more on the second side. Serve immediately or transfer to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter to the skillet as needed.
6. Procedure for adding fruit to pancakes: Once the bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, scatter the surface with sliced or diced fruit, or chocolate chips, nuts, etc. Flip with a spatula and cook for 1 minute more, being careful not to burn toppings.


REALLY AMAZING GAME WITHOUT DUBAI SERVERS

Knife in real life: 9$
Knife in game: 100$+

11/10

How many roads must a noob walk down,before they call him a pro.

Great game.

I also recomend the following DLCs:

-Guys give me the bomb" DLC
-"Suka Blyat" DLC
-"ing Noob Team" [Said by the worst player of your team] DLC
-"Rush B

My brother is an avid amateur chess player". That's how he describes himself when making small talk.

You should see his room. It's full of dumb chess pieces from different sets

I used to be playing FPS like Call Of Duty, battlefield,Medal Of Honor and even been addicted to PayDay.
But Counter-Strike is a FPS on a whole different level.
Its hard, Challenging and far from what most are probably used too but its so much fun.
A must have for everybody that loves FPS!
Dont let the price fool you. This game if far beyond awesome than most FPS which u pay around 60 euros for or more.
You play matches with people in your own skill rank and u rank up when you get better.
You dont have to worry to get in the game and be shooted by people that are 50 ranks higher than you.
the game runs smooth, looks really good and you can play deathmatch against bots and other people, or competitively & Alone.
Its highly addictive and for the price it is right now definitely worth trying.
Incase you buy it (Which u should!) Have fun




So I've been playing this game for long enough that it deserves an honest review. After playing a lot of TF2, I bought CS:GO and it was a relatively smooth transition for me due to my TF2 experience. CS:GO easily became my favorite game to play. I originally got ranked at silver 4, and started my climb from there. Over the course of roughly a year, I've made plenty of friends, and learned a lot about the game. I'll separate this into two groups below:

The actual game:
CS:GO is a game that, for me, bridges the gap between a competitive game and a game I can play all day just to have fun. With CS:GO's matchmaking, it is quite easy to get into a 5v5 competitive game with people of equal skill as you. Matchmaking is a great way to start playing competitive CS:GO, but it is not ideal if you want to improve. If you want to take CS:GO more seriously, you have to use 3rd party services such as FaceIT, CEVO, or ESEA where you will face players that have a higher skill level than in matchmaking(not really FaceIT, FaceIT is the entry-level" service

gr8 game m8 i r8 8/8

My wife said that I didnt have my priorities straight, so I challenged her to a 1v1.  Ended up AWPing the  because the hoe is a silver 1 and im a master gardian.  She was salty so she burned all my clothes but its k because she had a white girl booty... Anyways my wife left me, I sold my house, and am depressed.. but its ok because i bought a dragonlore, a howl, and a doppler factory new butterfly knife that i bought instead of paying for my house.  Moral of the story is, this game is trash in a good way.  Im running out of d0sh, I might have to turn into a  just so I can supply my addiction.  Turns out prostitution isnt that bad, I mean, its very unsanitary but over all its ez $$.  Just spent more than 100 dollars on cases... got almost all blues and a couple purples.  Im starting to cut now because I miss my old life....  ;-;

Overall.... 10/10 Would Spend My Life Savings Again

10/10 THE MOST RUSSIAN GAME OUT THERE

Valve is trying to kill this franchise. Each patch gets increasingly more ridiculous. Devs don't play the game, they don't care about the game. Or maybe they play only Arms Races with bots on big picture with steam controllers. Hard to tell. Anyway, CS:GO is to cs 1.6 what Diablo 3 is to Diablo 2. A bland, casual cash crop. Don't believe it? Stat-trak music kits. Can't make this  up.

.............//).............(\`\
............/....//..............\\....\
.........../....//................\\....\
.....//..../\............./`\....\`\..
.././.../..../..../.|_......_|.\....\....\...\.\..
(.(....(....(..../.)..)....(..(.\....)....).....).)
.\................\/.../....\...\/................/
..\................. /........\................../
....\..............(............)............../
......\.............\.........../............./

Best competetive guess where hitbox is"

poke your head out, come on poke your head out, boom headshot

have been on the giving and receiving end of that

10/10 would poke my head out again

csgo is like a bad ex-girlfriend that you constantly see around town""

Since the dawn of time, I have lost hope in fps games and life itself generally because of milked franchises. The sky had no color, food had no flavor. After playing this truly amazing life-altering of a game, I can honestly say I'm a changed man.  CS GO has captured my imagination and took me into my unknown sub-conscious.  This game has made a profound impact to me. Never before I felt like ripping another human beings head off. Uninstalling, reinstalling became a daily routine for the millionth time because of clueless teammates and their cool skins" (I guess skin > skill matters more).

I feel like everyone needs to play this game at least acouple of times because the thrill of clutching

It's a Chicken Shooter Simulator. What more do you want?

This game is so salty you could die any second...

I can describe CsGo and the CsGo community in one word...Aids. Counterstrike is a fun fast strategic shooter that has been around for years. But slowly as the cod and console community moves over to pc they bring there negative and y attitudes. I myself is an offender of this. But I have time on my hand to write this review because i was just in a competative match and got a 24 hour ban... We were kicking the other teams  and the good o'l sqeuakers that were on my team decided to throw the game away at 6-12 us, so for the next 9 rounds my team took an  pounding. This would've been my rank up game and i would be one step closer to be the best, that no one ever was. but wait...Two Girls One Awp...you can still rank up if you loose." Well thats the funny thing. These little quickscoping killstreak wanting peices of  wanted to prolong my climb to the top and thought it would be funny to ing kick me. So now im sitting here writing this ing review that no one but my friends will ing see. But

in garbage  game full of spergs lmao i hope u all die

This game taught me to:

1- Hate Russians and Polishes
2- If they speak arabic they hack
3- Say ez to  people off even if my score is 0/0/20
4- Speak Russian fluently ( blyat)
5- Count how many 12 years old kids f****d my mother
6- Handle stress and blood pressure
7- Clutch or get kicked
8- INDIA GANDO MADARCHOD
9- Pray before I start competitive
10- Identify people's ranking according to their skins

10/10
3cheeky5me

This newest iteration of the series that single-handedly sparked global interest in competitive gaming leaves little to be desired. While its beginnings were bumpy, the developers have listened to the community and are still listening, regularly making the game more enjoyable and beginner/spectator-friendly while still maintaining the integrity of the competitiveness of the game. I have high hopes that Counter Strike will be seeing a comeback in popularity.

If you enjoy competitive gameplay and bettering yourself against greater opponents, you should have no doubts when choosing to buy this game. It took me over 500 hours of gameplay to get to a skill level that I feel content with (I am currently the second-highest matchmaking rank). Thanks to Global Offensive's ranking system, even a lone player can have satisfying matches in the matchmaking system and grow in skill on their own. Yes, the occasional blips happen where you're put with unreliable teammates or put against unreal opponents, but these are only opportunities to better yourself and learn what you can do as a player to increase your odds.

When you do decide to buy Counter Strike: Global Offensive, I encourage you to put your all into learning about the game and bettering yourself. Research what you can do to train your aim, what you can do to train your recoil control, and watch pro players to learn about game sense. For a game in which you often times find yourself waging the same battles at the same chokepoints, it is remarkable how every battle can be just as tense as the first one you ever participated in.

TL;DR: THE SKILL CAP TO THIS GAME IS RIDICULOUS, IF YOU LIKE COMPETITION YOU SHOULD PICK IT UP!

FaZe Clan would get rekt by a Silver 2.

10/10 - I can make CoD kiddies ragequit and get banned for a week

0/10
Smurfs
Hacks
Trolls
Griefs
Kids
Leavers
Derankers
Verbal Abuse

Teamkill - BAN ON 7 DAYS
Frequent vote on kick - BAN ON 7 DAYS
Friendly fire, accidentally - BAN ON 7 DAYS

IN', STUPID SYSTEM'S BAN

Good game!

Best platform of cheat testing... ever

Volvo learn from Blizzard: http://www.mcvuk.com/news/read/blizzard-being-ruthless-with-its-overwatch-cheating-bans/0167848

Simple Review for Counter Strike Global Offensive 
 If you start playing this game you will never stop 
 1.The knife in real live is 20$ in this game is 400$+ 
 2.You can get A+ on your russian exam 
 3.When you walk you feel like a horse 
 4.COD and cowboy guns in the game 
 5.A crap ton of hackers/smurfs(from Disney Channel) 
 6.You meet alot of nice kids that want to  your mom 
 7.Losing friends 
 8.Broken keyboard and mouse 
 9.New Ranking sistem even if you win you can derank 
 10.Most played map DE_RUSSIA 

Best game in the world you should buy it
11/10 Recommended

Got the game.
Spent 200 hours in it.
Has no girlfriend.
Has no social life.
Has no good marks.
Has pretty Ak skin.
Has pretty M4A1-S skin.
Has no money.
Has no self-respect.
Has no motivation to live.

1/0.1 would suicide again
BLYAT


The most Skill-Based FPS in my opinion. If you're good in it you'll be good in almost every other FPS game.

Blame everything on the tick rate or lag.

*Was Gold Nova 4*

*Stop playing for a few months*

*Go playing competitive*

*Win a game*

*Got Silver Elite rank*


nice rank systems volvo 10/10

This game is the shizzle

This community gives me cancer. I hope I die

Counter Strike Global Offensive is a worthy successor of Counter Strike 1.6:
- The graphics are great
- It has all the good old maps
- Fun gameplay
- New guns
- Sound-quality and weapon-models are better
- Over 50.000 items and maps on Workshop

This is the best Counter Strike imo.
10/10*

Once you go into skins world you never come back. 7/10 because of bugs

P.S: DON'T BUY SKINS.

Posted: 9 Dec, 2015:
new revolver = crap
new soundupdate = crap

Update 18.05.2016

They still prefer implementing new skins instead of improving VAC or fixing months old bugs

the new r8 revolver needs to be removed it is ruining this great game ( i wouldnt mind switching to 128 tick servers valve u got more then enough money )

Ruined the game with the R8

gr8 upd8 i r8 r8 8/8 m8

Man this game is the greatest FPS around nobody does it better than this!! The creators and all around leader in multiplayer team and tactics shooter there is.... PERIOD.

This game is like doing cocain. When you first start it doesn't seem very appealing, and maybe it hurts a little. But then you experence this rush, and you have to have more. And the more you do it the better you are at it. You know it's taking up all your time, and you try to stop. But the game exits, and you stare at your desktop. A tear falls from your face as you hit play" again.

10/10 would get addicted"

I tried to play arms race but I still ran on feet. 3/5

p90

INCREDBILE! Over 9000!!

Game tought me to spend 400 USD in digital products and then cry about what the f*ck I just did.

Serious Review Below...



SERIOUS REVIEW
F*ck Matchmaking.

My religion is Counter-Strike, has been for 11 years.

best game ever, gehen nur headshots rein!

One of the worst competitive systems ever designed

Counter Source: Global Office is a great video game to play on the internet.  Personally, I like to play multiplayer more than single player. However, multiplayer is more difficult because the enemies shoot back.  I think they should nerf the sniper because people can kill me in one shot even when i buy the helmet!  This game is very tough but fun.  I heard that the pros warm up before their matches by playing minecraft so that's what I do too.

Dear Santa,

For Christmas, I would like for CS:GO to receive an AI overhaul. You see, when I play a game, and a teammate gets grumpy, they wind up leaving. That leaves me and my friends with a bot. This bot is not very bright and will often run out into anything, whether it be a smoke, an incendiary grenade, an AWP, or a five man rush of P90's and Tec-9's. At the very least, I would love for the AI to be able to sit down in a corner as though it were a chick hatching an egg everytime it was asked to stay here team".

Sincerely
Kim Jung-Un

P.S. I've been very good at using my CS:GO betting money to feed the people of North Korea. It makes up 30% of our GDP."

The community consists of:
A. People that blame you for lag switching" (which isn't even possible in Source)
B. Dudebros

>Got into a Competitive Game
>Said Hi"
> Got kicked because i wasnt russian
10/10 vodkas <3"

Like call of duty but not call of duty

In this guide I will teach you how to play with russians , so here we go!!!
1) If your teammate did something wrong say -Ty dolbaeb?
2) If your teammate did something good say - Krasava!
3) If you won clutch round -sosat suka sosat
4) Lets rush b - idem rush b nahui (same for A/mid)
5) If something went wrong - pizdec
6) Give drop (politely) - dai drop pliz
7) Give drop (rude) - dai drop ili dam pizdi
8) I'm going to save - ja seivit'
9) If someone in other team plays good -pizdec cheater
10) Go eco guys, lets win next round with gun -eco odin raund a potom pizdi dadim s devaisami
11) When you win - gg izi
12) I'm from Russian - ja iz Rossii
13) American - pendosi
14) If you want to kick someone - kick etogo pidara
15) If teammates are thinking that you are bad -blyat pacani lagaet sorry
16) Polish - Kur.a
You can add nahui" to every phrase.
Now you can play with russians and understand them."

|
| _
| . ) -Daddy,are all the Russians gone?
|
|


/\
(`_) -NOT YET SON,THEY'RE GETTING STRONGER EVERYDAY !! AGHHH!!
<,  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
/\

>see a guy
>shoot him
>miss every shot
>he turns around
>kills me in one shot
>exit cs:go



Joined a comp game
Got in to a russian team
Was the best 1 of the team
They called me  and noob
10/10

It has been nearly 6 months since my review so I felt it was time to update my review with my current thoughts.

CS:GO is a very good game for its simplicity. The game is your standard FPS, no I'm not saying its the same as a free to play first person shooter but I'm talking about its base platform. It's a first person shooter that is strongly built around search and destroy. Though by entering the casual scene you can join servers for zombie, zombie escape and many other custom types of game modes.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is not your average fps like call of duty, you will have a hard time if you think you can join the game and have accuracy when moving. (FFS P90). Once change you will need to make when switching to CS:GO is to stop when shooting.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive has a skin system that if you are a gambler then I feel sorry for your wallet. Skins can be earned by playing matches and once the game ends you have a chance at skins (skins from cases will not drop at the end of games, these can only be received via market or cases) cases also drop sometimes after games. If you receive a case you can spend a few dollars to open to it, the case spins as it shows the guns and the line will eventually stop on a gun skin. That is the gun skin you will receive, if you are lucky you will get a knife that can be valued at a very high price depending on the knife. An alternative to cases and free drops is the market which can be access via steam, search Counter-Strike: Global Offensive section to via all gun skins. Gun skins are purely cosmetics and provide no advantages at all.

Counter Strike: Global Offensive has three play styles. Casual, Match Making, eSports. Players looking for fun with friends without dedication to 60-90 minute games or players who like fun modes likes zombie are considered casual players. Match Making is where are new" player should start if Counter-Strike is a new game to the player. This allows the users to get a general feel of the game

not smart chicken ai

If you want to learn insults in Russian, Polish or German, then that is the perfect game.

Jk its a good game and i luv it. C:

10/10 I would buy some smurfs again ;)

I have played this game since October of 2013 and nothing has been fixed, they continue to add broken weapons and being unable to properly balance weapons, the Tec9 is still OP, it took them months to fix the CZ, the M4A1-S is still the king of CT weapons due to its lowered spread, recoil, and higher damage at ranges. The hitboxes are still awful because of how animations are blended and not snapped into place, you need to be rank 3 to play Competitive even if you're a Global Elite or Legendary Eagle Master, meaning you have to play with Silvers for 6 hours if you want to play Competitive, it's especially bad considering you have to buy an Operation Bloodhound pass to get XP faster. They should've just kept it the same as it was in January of 2013 without the flash boosting, the C4 planting and jumping hitboxes were still messed up but it was generally just a better game. I refuse to play this game until they fix the hitboxes, which has no ETA" currently but "Valve has acknowledged it" so basically they said "screw you

That type of game which could relate to sweet old times of 90s when games were both challenging and simple enough to offer thousands of hours of gametime and still not being completely satiated.

CSGO puts the CS title back on top of the competetive games and is a rightful king with undefeated throne for a long, long time.

The skillcap of this game ranges from a total casual player to a hardcore pro and cannot be described be words how many factors differentiate a pro from a noob.

This is the true and only FPS online game to play in 2014 onwards.

While played this game, I was globaly offended.
11/10 Would get offended again!

Excellent team tactical shooter. The 5vs5 Competitive Matchmaking is the best part and can deliver hours of fun with your friends.

Yo this has matchmaking. Get it.

ee dee nah hooy  bliad

Hey
If you have a life..
then don't buy this game.
It will F up ur life.
I'm warning you now.
Back away
760 hours within like 3 months...
I need help.

This game takes ur money with ur addition to buying cases and making a -2.00 dollar profit.
Your only friends will be the friends you meet in a casual game.
Your family will think you have died.
Your voice will get lost from raging too much.
You won't have a computer after you punch it.
You don't need to take a language class when you got csgo.
If you thought little kids are cute.. Then meet one in a csgo game.
If your a girl prepared for stalker guys coming to hunt u down. ;)
And you will learn that ur a hacker just because you get a head shot....
basically you will die.

Good luck

69/10 would die again for this game.

Do not open cases, for the love of god.

You see that  you have $5+ on your steam account. You feel the urge that you will get an exceedingly rare special item"
You spend $2.50 and open a case. Tick tick tick..... It stops on a blue gun. You feel this depression

  !)

Being my favourite game I can only reccomend getting it and playing with friends, but please..         5 man premade is always best for you and your friends safety *hiccup* I'm sorry, the blyats are comming to me.

*hiccyka* Loads of russians in this game.. you'll be native russian by the end of the first week after buying it! let me list a few phrases.

IM NOT SAYING ANYTHING BAD ABOUT THE RUSSIANS! <3


List of phrases to be aware of!
*   !       -       Chlen v rot!              -               Dic* in your mouth
,   *  -  Zat-knees, ee-dee na khuy  - Shut up, fuc* you
*                       -        Suka                      -                  Bitc*
**                   -         Blyad'                   -                   Whor*
  *         -         Chto za huy               -             What the fuc*
                      -        Durak                     -                 Stupid
xaxaxaxa               -          hahahaha                 -               Laughing...?



Now for some friendly Russian phrases..
WOULD NOT ADVICE TO DO THIS TO YOUR RUSSIAN TEAMMATE - HE WILL THINK YOU ARE RUSSIAN AND TALK TO YOU VERY FAST.

Russian Greetings: 	     -           Dobraye ootro    	-                Good morning
 	  -              Dobriy den'	     -                   Good afternoon
 	      -          Dobriy vyecher  	      -          Good evening
	         -       Zdrastvooyte   	     -           Hello
!	                -        Preevyet	                   -             Hi!
        -       Rat teebya veedet'	   -             Nice to see you!
 ?       -      Kak pazhivayesh?	   -             How are you?
, !	  -Spaseeba preekrasna!	 -       Fine, thanks!
!	            -            Neeploha!	                  -      Not so bad
  ?	 -       Kak vas zavoot?	    -            What's your name?
 ...	    -            Meenya zavoot...	-                My name is...


Saying Thanks in Russian:
              -            Spaseeba                      -           Thank you
      -      Bal'shoye spaseeba      -          Thank you very much.
                 -          Nyezashta                 -              That's all right
            -        Pazhalooysta          -                 You're welcome



Apologies in Russian:
             -           Eezveeneete           -                 Sorry!
            -            Prasteete                 -                Excuse me



One of the most dangerous ones... can be VERY aggrovating against the Russians.

  -? -   Vi gavareetye pa angleeskee?  -  Do you speak English?


That should sort you out for your journey to the Global Elite! And remember, keep your head cold, do not flame and do not rage! 

500+ hrs and I still suck. 10/10

It's surely the best CS so far, if you can overlook the fact that competitive matchmaking ranks mean nearly nothing, as well as if you can deal with being kicked and consequentially put in matchmaking cooldown by a team of four people. You can also invest few thousands of dollars to buy fancy weapons.

A good game in the end, but only if you play it with friends.

edit: 31 May 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54i480Dw23g

Do you enjoy intelligent voice chat? Cooprative team mates? Good spoken egnglish?
Then counterstrike global offensive is the game for you! The community is sure to make you feel at home.
Worried about cheaters, hackers, and other nasty people? Then dont worry!
Valves well known and solid VAC system keeps hackers out of your game, well built and expertly designed, cheaters will never prosper, keeping your game experiance fair and enjoyable. This is coupled with Valves cleverly made  matchmaking and ranking systems, sure to always place you agianst players of a similar skill group to you!
You will find every match is balanced for the enjoyment of all players.
Its a wonder why you would want to play any other fps, this is truely a game for all types of players, from the hardened veterans to the first time gamers. Its sure to hold intrest all the way through its steady learning curve to mastering the game. Its realistic mechanics, gameplay and tactics are features that make this an outstanding fps.
Dont worry about the price tag, vavle makes sure that the value of your purchase will never deteriorate, the game will retain its prestigious stance amognst the rabble of other fps's.
So what are you waiting for? Jump in today!

I learned so much unwanted information about my mother while playing this game.
Did you know shes so hairy that I apparently almost died from rug burn at birth. O_o
My poor poor father...

Probably the most realistic gambling simulator on the market right now, 10/10.

Here's what you learn and get with Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, for free!

- Rage simulator 2016
- Study Russian Language without living in Russia
- Learn how to spend hundreds of dollars on a virtual knife that doesn't exist outside your monitor
- First-hand experience of schizophrenia
- Become bipolar
- Gain a habit of changing mouse every month
- Search 144Hz monitors
- Learn whats the best way to break keyboards
- Learn a 14 years old is going to  you
- Next learn he is going to kill your family
- Think about what your kitchen knife would look like if it was put into the game
- Realize that you are going insane
- Lose several matches and get angry
- Try to relax and join another game
- Finally start winning
- Then start losing because your teammates cant keep it up
- Rage
- Punch the desk like its your arch enemy
- Bite your shirt
- Realize that you are really going insane
- Think of whats happening to you
- You have become a monster
- Find out its because of the game
- Something tells you it is best to uninstall the game
- Promise yourself you wont play it again
- After a few days you get back to normal life
- After some time you hear there's an update
- You pretend like you are not interested
- Think what could possibly go wrong if you start playing again
- Promise yourself you wont rage and go crazy again
- Install the game
- Repeat the list

Congratulations! You have successfully became a CS:GO player.


WAS GOOD, THEN r8, RIP!

CS:GO iz a gaem 4 onley teh proest fps players who can rek nubs by 360 noscop 1987 corkkscrw canoning them in tha face frum akros da map thru a wal.  I recomend teh BOOM AWP wit 4 stikerz becuz that makes u pro.  Also, teh onliee way 2 git teh awesum skins is 2 praiz gaben by sacrifising ur walet in a satanic ritual fashun.  All hael gaben.

a lot of chikens

Best way to learn Russian quick. You'll learn friendly nicknames like Zalupa" and "Kozel"

 Blyat

.....................-~~'''''''~~--_
..............-~''-,::::::::::::::::::: ''-
..........,~''::::::::',:::::::::::::::: ::::|',
.....::::::,-~'''''''~~--~''''''-,:|
.........'|:::::|: : : : : : : : : : : ::: : |,'
........|:::::|: : :-~~---: : : -----: |
.......(''~-': : : :': ',: :|: :-: :|
.....'....''~-,|: : : : : : ~---': : : :,'
...............|,: : : : : :-~~--: : ::/  NEVER GONNA GIVE YOU UP
......

Great game with loads of hackers, horrible ranking system, and toxic players. Love it! 10/10
It only cost 13,99, the way them kids rage makes it worth every cent + you learn Russian in no time!

No seriously, the game is great and fun to play! I have no regret buying this game at all! When i start playing CS:GO i was really bad at the game because i played Call Of Duty for years. After improving and playing loads of deathmatch, ESEA and FACEIT i became a SMFC after 1 year. I would definitely recommend this FPS game, however you need some friends because matchmaking alone is not ideal. The only thing i don't like about it is the 64 tick servers in matchmaking.

9/10

What I have learnt from this game!
> I should get back to the kitchen.
> Russians aren't nice people to play with.
> 
> Virtual knives cost more than real life ones.

10/10 would totally spend life saving on skins.

GJ Gabe!

rather have cancer

this game ruined my life

An African guy gets $3 after working hard for 3 months and decides to open a case. He has been praying to Lord Gabe for 4 months saying please lord gaben give me something good" he needs money to save his family. He buys a chroma2 case and a key. He tries to open it but it does not open

Y O L O

This game is great, a lot of fun with friends and challenging. It is not easy as a noobie so start out with bots and be patient. This game also has a lot of vets and a lot of different modes. I would recommend this game, lots of maps and weapons.


The community is absolutely ing , flooded with stuck up little ing rat twelvie . the game is plagued by smurfs to the point were competitive is broken and unbalanced as , this is further back up by their massive ing in your face  talking mother ing egos. This game is ing terrible, in terms of balancing its ing competitive" game mode. NOW ONTO CASUAL

Hi all! Actually hard to tell something about this game. I will not talk alot about game i will talk more about community. Because lol what to say actually...ehm? Good shooter? :D This is all what i can say about like game looks like. You can say: Oh game looks pretty good and alot of my friends are playing in it i must to try too!" But i must to warn you. If you are very sensetive person and testy like choleric[en.wikipedia.org] i really don't reccomend this game for you. In this moment yes this game become really worst game in the world. First of all rank system if you care about your rank -> you will care about lose or win( of cource you want to win) -> you will start to rage

IF YOU DIE IN THE GAME, YOU DIE FOR REAL!

Kill someone with a P90 - You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

The RAGE Simulator is REAL"

very good way to learn/practice your russian 10/10

Kill all the chickens!!!!!!

It took me sometime before i decided to review this game but here we go!

After 200 hours betweeen Competitve and Casual i would love to say this game is AWESOME .

Counter Strike:Global Offensive is the perfect mariage between indvidual skill and teamwork .

A game you enjoy watching as much as you enjoy playing it .

Skins and Unboxing Addiction , well hard to talk about this as much as its a real addiction i personally have and waste of moeny but it helps great in the growing of the game and its fanbase .

The Game is Overall a great game despite the amount of money i spent on virtual items in this game xD i am really glad i bought this game and i regret not playing previous CS games ,




Listen here. If you haven't already played this then sit right down and let me tell you that you're missing out. Not only are you missing out but your future grand kids are missing out. There are stories to be shared of when you're down 2-13 and you come back and win. I know I have these stories to share. Do you?

Go is skins. Skins is Go.

1,000usd,all blue.

1. Russian logic: Every english speaker is an american and they believe that they play against americans in EUROPE servers
2. Russian syntax: Every sentence is consisted of the word ''blyat'' at least 10 times
3. Germans will always bring the argument ''I am rich, you are poor'' in ANY debate related to the game, and when you will try to REASON with them they will get mad and start shouting german verses of ''love and happiness''
4. Turks will always be your 2-3 premade teammates that will chit-chat in turkish things NOT related to the game at all
5. Community logic: Every language other than english is russian

Scrolling through Steam Library*

>>H1Z1: Good game, not right now.
>>Dirty Bomb: Hell no.
>>GTA V: Insane Loading times, or sure.
>>ArmA III: Great game, but something tells me no.
>>CS:GO: I dont wanna but i gotta.

RevolverRevolverRevolverRevolverRevolverRevolverRevolverRevolverRevolverRevolver

After last update, wont bother playing anymoreAfter last update, wont bother playing anymoreAfter last update, wont bother playing anymoreAfter last update, wont bother playing anymoreAfter last update, wont bother playing anymoreAfter last update, wont bother playing anymoreAfter last update, wont bother playing anymoreAfter last update, wont bother playing anymoreAfter last update, wont bother playing anymoreAfter last update, wont bother playing anymore

Amazing.Amazing.Amazing.Amazing.Amazing.Amazing.Amazing.Amazing.Amazing.Amazing.

>Starts de_dust2:Global Offensive
>Opens case
>Wants asiimov
>Gaben gives us Nova | Sand Dune
>end

10/10 would never open a case again


Edit - 16th. Sep 2015
Game is TOTALLY BROKEN. Valve updated .>Starts de_dust2:Global Offensive
>Opens case
>Wants asiimov
>Gaben gives us Nova | Sand Dune
>end

10/10 would never open a case again


Edit - 16th. Sep 2015
Game is TOTALLY BROKEN. Valve updated .>Starts de_dust2:Global Offensive
>Opens case
>Wants asiimov
>Gaben gives us Nova | Sand Dune
>end

10/10 would never open a case again


Edit - 16th. Sep 2015
Game is TOTALLY BROKEN. Valve updated .>Starts de_dust2:Global Offensive
>Opens case
>Wants asiimov
>Gaben gives us Nova | Sand Dune
>end

10/10 would never open a case again


Edit - 16th. Sep 2015
Game is TOTALLY BROKEN. Valve updated .>Starts de_dust2:Global Offensive
>Opens case
>Wants asiimov
>Gaben gives us Nova | Sand Dune
>end

10/10 would never open a case again


Edit - 16th. Sep 2015
Game is TOTALLY BROKEN. Valve updated .>Starts de_dust2:Global Offensive
>Opens case
>Wants asiimov
>Gaben gives us Nova | Sand Dune
>end

10/10 would never open a case again


Edit - 16th. Sep 2015
Game is TOTALLY BROKEN. Valve updated .>Starts de_dust2:Global Offensive
>Opens case
>Wants asiimov
>Gaben gives us Nova | Sand Dune
>end

10/10 would never open a case again


Edit - 16th. Sep 2015
Game is TOTALLY BROKEN. Valve updated .>Starts de_dust2:Global Offensive
>Opens case
>Wants asiimov
>Gaben gives us Nova | Sand Dune
>end

10/10 would never open a case again


Edit - 16th. Sep 2015
Game is TOTALLY BROKEN. Valve updated .>Starts de_dust2:Global Offensive
>Opens case
>Wants asiimov
>Gaben gives us Nova | Sand Dune
>end

10/10 would never open a case again


Edit - 16th. Sep 2015
Game is TOTALLY BROKEN. Valve updated .>Starts de_dust2:Global Offensive
>Opens case
>Wants asiimov
>Gaben gives us Nova | Sand Dune
>end

10/10 would never open a case again


Edit - 16th. Sep 2015
Game is TOTALLY BROKEN. Valve updated .

Revolver GoRevolver GoRevolver GoRevolver GoRevolver GoRevolver GoRevolver GoRevolver GoRevolver GoRevolver Go

Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it.. But old fashion games that still prefer 1.5/.1.6 may think its been too smooth ad pretty. 10/10Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it.. But old fashion games that still prefer 1.5/.1.6 may think its been too smooth ad pretty. 10/10Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it.. But old fashion games that still prefer 1.5/.1.6 may think its been too smooth ad pretty. 10/10Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it.. But old fashion games that still prefer 1.5/.1.6 may think its been too smooth ad pretty. 10/10Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it.. But old fashion games that still prefer 1.5/.1.6 may think its been too smooth ad pretty. 10/10Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it.. But old fashion games that still prefer 1.5/.1.6 may think its been too smooth ad pretty. 10/10Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it.. But old fashion games that still prefer 1.5/.1.6 may think its been too smooth ad pretty. 10/10Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it.. But old fashion games that still prefer 1.5/.1.6 may think its been too smooth ad pretty. 10/10Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it.. But old fashion games that still prefer 1.5/.1.6 may think its been too smooth ad pretty. 10/10Overall a really good game, played it a lot and even got 3 buddy's that normally doesn't play FPS to like it.. But old fashion games that still prefer 1.5/.1.6 may think its been too smooth ad pretty. 10/10

All i can say is I wasted 7 years of my life playing a game named "Counter Strike"; but trust me friendsAll i can say is I wasted 7 years of my life playing a game named "Counter Strike"; but trust me friendsAll i can say is I wasted 7 years of my life playing a game named "Counter Strike"; but trust me friendsAll i can say is I wasted 7 years of my life playing a game named "Counter Strike"; but trust me friendsAll i can say is I wasted 7 years of my life playing a game named "Counter Strike"; but trust me friendsAll i can say is I wasted 7 years of my life playing a game named "Counter Strike"; but trust me friendsAll i can say is I wasted 7 years of my life playing a game named "Counter Strike"; but trust me friendsAll i can say is I wasted 7 years of my life playing a game named "Counter Strike"; but trust me friendsAll i can say is I wasted 7 years of my life playing a game named "Counter Strike"; but trust me friendsAll i can say is I wasted 7 years of my life playing a game named "Counter Strike"; but trust me friends

A Sophisticated CS:GO Review.
Alright, it's time for a honest and sophisticated CS:GO review, no hate, just criticism.
I've played this game since the beta of around August 2012, and I'm here to tell you that it didn't really get any better.
It went all from a competitive team-shooter to a game that's more about the skins than about the actual content featured in the game. For example, we've had a few operations that actually added some new gameplay style, but then again, you need to pay for those. And most of the time the updates revolves around some case with some new community skins in it. (Valve to lazy to design own skins).

And then there's the community, now I know there's alot of actual good people out there, but the majority of them are,  you guessed it, Russians/Polskis.
Now i don't mind people from Russia or Poland aslong as they play normally, which is most of the time not the case. Most of the Russians / Polski I've met in game are just general derankers and or griefers. Personally I don't really give much about a matchmaking rank other than the bragging rights, but derankers and griefers just take the fun out of my game, and that's just not cool. The most important thing about a game is to have fun, right? Well sadly I cannot say I can recommend to play this game solo if you expect a fun match.

And then there's the new matchmaking system everybody keeps talking about. I've experienced it myself, I've lost a couple ranks myself, but from a personal point of view, I don't see much trouble in it. Ofcourse, it's not fun to lose 3 ranks if you win 9 and lose 1 and get deranked. But the real thing is, if you really have the skill I'd recommend playing other things than matchmaking. (like ESEA, FaceIt, LANs) I can understand that people get frustrated if they lose their hard earned ranks, and I agree with them that it's a pretty stupid update, but Valve won't revert the update anytime soon, so it's best to learn to play with it.

Overwatch and matchmaking bans are flawed. Overwatch doesn't work because most of the players can't see the difference between a good player, and an actual hacker. Sometimes someone makes sound, and the Suspect just has very good sound so he hears him. Lower ranking players aren't able to hear or see this and convict him of wallhacking.
Matchmaking bans are bad because too much team damage and you get kicked. But for example, I throw a firebomb and my Russian team runs into it and stays in it on purpose, then I get banned. Also accidental grenades while rushing are also a part on this.

As this review comes to an end, I cannot recommend this game anymore.
It used to be alot better back when the gameplay actually matters, but right as of now, VALVE is only interested in filling their wallets. The result is a very broken game with broken mechanics, and not so community-approved updates. (R8 back in release.)

Thank you for reading.A Sophisticated CS:GO Review.
Alright, it's time for a honest and sophisticated CS:GO review, no hate, just criticism.
I've played this game since the beta of around August 2012, and I'm here to tell you that it didn't really get any better.
It went all from a competitive team-shooter to a game that's more about the skins than about the actual content featured in the game. For example, we've had a few operations that actually added some new gameplay style, but then again, you need to pay for those. And most of the time the updates revolves around some case with some new community skins in it. (Valve to lazy to design own skins).

And then there's the community, now I know there's alot of actual good people out there, but the majority of them are,  you guessed it, Russians/Polskis.
Now i don't mind people from Russia or Poland aslong as they play normally, which is most of the time not the case. Most of the Russians / Polski I've met in game are just general derankers and or griefers. Personally I don't really give much about a matchmaking rank other than the bragging rights, but derankers and griefers just take the fun out of my game, and that's just not cool. The most important thing about a game is to have fun, right? Well sadly I cannot say I can recommend to play this game solo if you expect a fun match.

And then there's the new matchmaking system everybody keeps talking about. I've experienced it myself, I've lost a couple ranks myself, but from a personal point of view, I don't see much trouble in it. Ofcourse, it's not fun to lose 3 ranks if you win 9 and lose 1 and get deranked. But the real thing is, if you really have the skill I'd recommend playing other things than matchmaking. (like ESEA, FaceIt, LANs) I can understand that people get frustrated if they lose their hard earned ranks, and I agree with them that it's a pretty stupid update, but Valve won't revert the update anytime soon, so it's best to learn to play with it.

Overwatch and matchmaking bans are flawed. Overwatch doesn't work because most of the players can't see the difference between a good player, and an actual hacker. Sometimes someone makes sound, and the Suspect just has very good sound so he hears him. Lower ranking players aren't able to hear or see this and convict him of wallhacking.
Matchmaking bans are bad because too much team damage and you get kicked. But for example, I throw a firebomb and my Russian team runs into it and stays in it on purpose, then I get banned. Also accidental grenades while rushing are also a part on this.

As this review comes to an end, I cannot recommend this game anymore.
It used to be alot better back when the gameplay actually matters, but right as of now, VALVE is only interested in filling their wallets. The result is a very broken game with broken mechanics, and not so community-approved updates. (R8 back in release.)

Thank you for reading.A Sophisticated CS:GO Review.
Alright, it's time for a honest and sophisticated CS:GO review, no hate, just criticism.
I've played this game since the beta of around August 2012, and I'm here to tell you that it didn't really get any better.
It went all from a competitive team-shooter to a game that's more about the skins than about the actual content featured in the game. For example, we've had a few operations that actually added some new gameplay style, but then again, you need to pay for those. And most of the time the updates revolves around some case with some new community skins in it. (Valve to lazy to design own skins).

And then there's the community, now I know there's alot of actual good people out there, but the majority of them are,  you guessed it, Russians/Polskis.
Now i don't mind people from Russia or Poland aslong as they play normally, which is most of the time not the case. Most of the Russians / Polski I've met in game are just general derankers and or griefers. Personally I don't really give much about a matchmaking rank other than the bragging rights, but derankers and griefers just take the fun out of my game, and that's just not cool. The most important thing about a game is to have fun, right? Well sadly I cannot say I can recommend to play this game solo if you expect a fun match.

And then there's the new matchmaking system everybody keeps talking about. I've experienced it myself, I've lost a couple ranks myself, but from a personal point of view, I don't see much trouble in it. Ofcourse, it's not fun to lose 3 ranks if you win 9 and lose 1 and get deranked. But the real thing is, if you really have the skill I'd recommend playing other things than matchmaking. (like ESEA, FaceIt, LANs) I can understand that people get frustrated if they lose their hard earned ranks, and I agree with them that it's a pretty stupid update, but Valve won't revert the update anytime soon, so it's best to learn to play with it.

Overwatch and matchmaking bans are flawed. Overwatch doesn't work because most of the players can't see the difference between a good player, and an actual hacker. Sometimes someone makes sound, and the Suspect just has very good sound so he hears him. Lower ranking players aren't able to hear or see this and convict him of wallhacking.
Matchmaking bans are bad because too much team damage and you get kicked. But for example, I throw a firebomb and my Russian team runs into it and stays in it on purpose, then I get banned. Also accidental grenades while rushing are also a part on this.

As this review comes to an end, I cannot recommend this game anymore.
It used to be alot better back when the gameplay actually matters, but right as of now, VALVE is only interested in filling their wallets. The result is a very broken game with broken mechanics, and not so community-approved updates. (R8 back in release.)

Thank you for reading.A Sophisticated CS:GO Review.
Alright, it's time for a honest and sophisticated CS:GO review, no hate, just criticism.
I've played this game since the beta of around August 2012, and I'm here to tell you that it didn't really get any better.
It went all from a competitive team-shooter to a game that's more about the skins than about the actual content featured in the game. For example, we've had a few operations that actually added some new gameplay style, but then again, you need to pay for those. And most of the time the updates revolves around some case with some new community skins in it. (Valve to lazy to design own skins).

And then there's the community, now I know there's alot of actual good people out there, but the majority of them are,  you guessed it, Russians/Polskis.
Now i don't mind people from Russia or Poland aslong as they play normally, which is most of the time not the case. Most of the Russians / Polski I've met in game are just general derankers and or griefers. Personally I don't really give much about a matchmaking rank other than the bragging rights, but derankers and griefers just take the fun out of my game, and that's just not cool. The most important thing about a game is to have fun, right? Well sadly I cannot say I can recommend to play this game solo if you expect a fun match.

And then there's the new matchmaking system everybody keeps talking about. I've experienced it myself, I've lost a couple ranks myself, but from a personal point of view, I don't see much trouble in it. Ofcourse, it's not fun to lose 3 ranks if you win 9 and lose 1 and get deranked. But the real thing is, if you really have the skill I'd recommend playing other things than matchmaking. (like ESEA, FaceIt, LANs) I can understand that people get frustrated if they lose their hard earned ranks, and I agree with them that it's a pretty stupid update, but Valve won't revert the update anytime soon, so it's best to learn to play with it.

Overwatch and matchmaking bans are flawed. Overwatch doesn't work because most of the players can't see the difference between a good player, and an actual hacker. Sometimes someone makes sound, and the Suspect just has very good sound so he hears him. Lower ranking players aren't able to hear or see this and convict him of wallhacking.
Matchmaking bans are bad because too much team damage and you get kicked. But for example, I throw a firebomb and my Russian team runs into it and stays in it on purpose, then I get banned. Also accidental grenades while rushing are also a part on this.

As this review comes to an end, I cannot recommend this game anymore.
It used to be alot better back when the gameplay actually matters, but right as of now, VALVE is only interested in filling their wallets. The result is a very broken game with broken mechanics, and not so community-approved updates. (R8 back in release.)

Thank you for reading.A Sophisticated CS:GO Review.
Alright, it's time for a honest and sophisticated CS:GO review, no hate, just criticism.
I've played this game since the beta of around August 2012, and I'm here to tell you that it didn't really get any better.
It went all from a competitive team-shooter to a game that's more about the skins than about the actual content featured in the game. For example, we've had a few operations that actually added some new gameplay style, but then again, you need to pay for those. And most of the time the updates revolves around some case with some new community skins in it. (Valve to lazy to design own skins).

And then there's the community, now I know there's alot of actual good people out there, but the majority of them are,  you guessed it, Russians/Polskis.
Now i don't mind people from Russia or Poland aslong as they play normally, which is most of the time not the case. Most of the Russians / Polski I've met in game are just general derankers and or griefers. Personally I don't really give much about a matchmaking rank other than the bragging rights, but derankers and griefers just take the fun out of my game, and that's just not cool. The most important thing about a game is to have fun, right? Well sadly I cannot say I can recommend to play this game solo if you expect a fun match.

And then there's the new matchmaking system everybody keeps talking about. I've experienced it myself, I've lost a couple ranks myself, but from a personal point of view, I don't see much trouble in it. Ofcourse, it's not fun to lose 3 ranks if you win 9 and lose 1 and get deranked. But the real thing is, if you really have the skill I'd recommend playing other things than matchmaking. (like ESEA, FaceIt, LANs) I can understand that people get frustrated if they lose their hard earned ranks, and I agree with them that it's a pretty stupid update, but Valve won't revert the update anytime soon, so it's best to learn to play with it.

Overwatch and matchmaking bans are flawed. Overwatch doesn't work because most of the players can't see the difference between a good player, and an actual hacker. Sometimes someone makes sound, and the Suspect just has very good sound so he hears him. Lower ranking players aren't able to hear or see this and convict him of wallhacking.
Matchmaking bans are bad because too much team damage and you get kicked. But for example, I throw a firebomb and my Russian team runs into it and stays in it on purpose, then I get banned. Also accidental grenades while rushing are also a part on this.

As this review comes to an end, I cannot recommend this game anymore.
It used to be alot better back when the gameplay actually matters, but right as of now, VALVE is only interested in filling their wallets. The result is a very broken game with broken mechanics, and not so community-approved updates. (R8 back in release.)

Thank you for reading.A Sophisticated CS:GO Review.
Alright, it's time for a honest and sophisticated CS:GO review, no hate, just criticism.
I've played this game since the beta of around August 2012, and I'm here to tell you that it didn't really get any better.
It went all from a competitive team-shooter to a game that's more about the skins than about the actual content featured in the game. For example, we've had a few operations that actually added some new gameplay style, but then again, you need to pay for those. And most of the time the updates revolves around some case with some new community skins in it. (Valve to lazy to design own skins).

And then there's the community, now I know there's alot of actual good people out there, but the majority of them are,  you guessed it, Russians/Polskis.
Now i don't mind people from Russia or Poland aslong as they play normally, which is most of the time not the case. Most of the Russians / Polski I've met in game are just general derankers and or griefers. Personally I don't really give much about a matchmaking rank other than the bragging rights, but derankers and griefers just take the fun out of my game, and that's just not cool. The most important thing about a game is to have fun, right? Well sadly I cannot say I can recommend to play this game solo if you expect a fun match.

And then there's the new matchmaking system everybody keeps talking about. I've experienced it myself, I've lost a couple ranks myself, but from a personal point of view, I don't see much trouble in it. Ofcourse, it's not fun to lose 3 ranks if you win 9 and lose 1 and get deranked. But the real thing is, if you really have the skill I'd recommend playing other things than matchmaking. (like ESEA, FaceIt, LANs) I can understand that people get frustrated if they lose their hard earned ranks, and I agree with them that it's a pretty stupid update, but Valve won't revert the update anytime soon, so it's best to learn to play with it.

Overwatch and matchmaking bans are flawed. Overwatch doesn't work because most of the players can't see the difference between a good player, and an actual hacker. Sometimes someone makes sound, and the Suspect just has very good sound so he hears him. Lower ranking players aren't able to hear or see this and convict him of wallhacking.
Matchmaking bans are bad because too much team damage and you get kicked. But for example, I throw a firebomb and my Russian team runs into it and stays in it on purpose, then I get banned. Also accidental grenades while rushing are also a part on this.

As this review comes to an end, I cannot recommend this game anymore.
It used to be alot better back when the gameplay actually matters, but right as of now, VALVE is only interested in filling their wallets. The result is a very broken game with broken mechanics, and not so community-approved updates. (R8 back in release.)

Thank you for reading.A Sophisticated CS:GO Review.
Alright, it's time for a honest and sophisticated CS:GO review, no hate, just criticism.
I've played this game since the beta of around August 2012, and I'm here to tell you that it didn't really get any better.
It went all from a competitive team-shooter to a game that's more about the skins than about the actual content featured in the game. For example, we've had a few operations that actually added some new gameplay style, but then again, you need to pay for those. And most of the time the updates revolves around some case with some new community skins in it. (Valve to lazy to design own skins).

And then there's the community, now I know there's alot of actual good people out there, but the majority of them are,  you guessed it, Russians/Polskis.
Now i don't mind people from Russia or Poland aslong as they play normally, which is most of the time not the case. Most of the Russians / Polski I've met in game are just general derankers and or griefers. Personally I don't really give much about a matchmaking rank other than the bragging rights, but derankers and griefers just take the fun out of my game, and that's just not cool. The most important thing about a game is to have fun, right? Well sadly I cannot say I can recommend to play this game solo if you expect a fun match.

And then there's the new matchmaking system everybody keeps talking about. I've experienced it myself, I've lost a couple ranks myself, but from a personal point of view, I don't see much trouble in it. Ofcourse, it's not fun to lose 3 ranks if you win 9 and lose 1 and get deranked. But the real thing is, if you really have the skill I'd recommend playing other things than matchmaking. (like ESEA, FaceIt, LANs) I can understand that people get frustrated if they lose their hard earned ranks, and I agree with them that it's a pretty stupid update, but Valve won't revert the update anytime soon, so it's best to learn to play with it.

Overwatch and matchmaking bans are flawed. Overwatch doesn't work because most of the players can't see the difference between a good player, and an actual hacker. Sometimes someone makes sound, and the Suspect just has very good sound so he hears him. Lower ranking players aren't able to hear or see this and convict him of wallhacking.
Matchmaking bans are bad because too much team damage and you get kicked. But for example, I throw a firebomb and my Russian team runs into it and stays in it on purpose, then I get banned. Also accidental grenades while rushing are also a part on this.

As this review comes to an end, I cannot recommend this game anymore.
It used to be alot better back when the gameplay actually matters, but right as of now, VALVE is only interested in filling their wallets. The result is a very broken game with broken mechanics, and not so community-approved updates. (R8 back in release.)

Thank you for reading.A Sophisticated CS:GO Review.
Alright, it's time for a honest and sophisticated CS:GO review, no hate, just criticism.
I've played this game since the beta of around August 2012, and I'm here to tell you that it didn't really get any better.
It went all from a competitive team-shooter to a game that's more about the skins than about the actual content featured in the game. For example, we've had a few operations that actually added some new gameplay style, but then again, you need to pay for those. And most of the time the updates revolves around some case with some new community skins in it. (Valve to lazy to design own skins).

And then there's the community, now I know there's alot of actual good people out there, but the majority of them are,  you guessed it, Russians/Polskis.
Now i don't mind people from Russia or Poland aslong as they play normally, which is most of the time not the case. Most of the Russians / Polski I've met in game are just general derankers and or griefers. Personally I don't really give much about a matchmaking rank other than the bragging rights, but derankers and griefers just take the fun out of my game, and that's just not cool. The most important thing about a game is to have fun, right? Well sadly I cannot say I can recommend to play this game solo if you expect a fun match.

And then there's the new matchmaking system everybody keeps talking about. I've experienced it myself, I've lost a couple ranks myself, but from a personal point of view, I don't see much trouble in it. Ofcourse, it's not fun to lose 3 ranks if you win 9 and lose 1 and get deranked. But the real thing is, if you really have the skill I'd recommend playing other things than matchmaking. (like ESEA, FaceIt, LANs) I can understand that people get frustrated if they lose their hard earned ranks, and I agree with them that it's a pretty stupid update, but Valve won't revert the update anytime soon, so it's best to learn to play with it.

Overwatch and matchmaking bans are flawed. Overwatch doesn't work because most of the players can't see the difference between a good player, and an actual hacker. Sometimes someone makes sound, and the Suspect just has very good sound so he hears him. Lower ranking players aren't able to hear or see this and convict him of wallhacking.
Matchmaking bans are bad because too much team damage and you get kicked. But for example, I throw a firebomb and my Russian team runs into it and stays in it on purpose, then I get banned. Also accidental grenades while rushing are also a part on this.

As this review comes to an end, I cannot recommend this game anymore.
It used to be alot better back when the gameplay actually matters, but right as of now, VALVE is only interested in filling their wallets. The result is a very broken game with broken mechanics, and not so community-approved updates. (R8 back in release.)

Thank you for reading.A Sophisticated CS:GO Review.
Alright, it's time for a honest and sophisticated CS:GO review, no hate, just criticism.
I've played this game since the beta of around August 2012, and I'm here to tell you that it didn't really get any better.
It went all from a competitive team-shooter to a game that's more about the skins than about the actual content featured in the game. For example, we've had a few operations that actually added some new gameplay style, but then again, you need to pay for those. And most of the time the updates revolves around some case with some new community skins in it. (Valve to lazy to design own skins).

And then there's the community, now I know there's alot of actual good people out there, but the majority of them are,  you guessed it, Russians/Polskis.
Now i don't mind people from Russia or Poland aslong as they play normally, which is most of the time not the case. Most of the Russians / Polski I've met in game are just general derankers and or griefers. Personally I don't really give much about a matchmaking rank other than the bragging rights, but derankers and griefers just take the fun out of my game, and that's just not cool. The most important thing about a game is to have fun, right? Well sadly I cannot say I can recommend to play this game solo if you expect a fun match.

And then there's the new matchmaking system everybody keeps talking about. I've experienced it myself, I've lost a couple ranks myself, but from a personal point of view, I don't see much trouble in it. Ofcourse, it's not fun to lose 3 ranks if you win 9 and lose 1 and get deranked. But the real thing is, if you really have the skill I'd recommend playing other things than matchmaking. (like ESEA, FaceIt, LANs) I can understand that people get frustrated if they lose their hard earned ranks, and I agree with them that it's a pretty stupid update, but Valve won't revert the update anytime soon, so it's best to learn to play with it.

Overwatch and matchmaking bans are flawed. Overwatch doesn't work because most of the players can't see the difference between a good player, and an actual hacker. Sometimes someone makes sound, and the Suspect just has very good sound so he hears him. Lower ranking players aren't able to hear or see this and convict him of wallhacking.
Matchmaking bans are bad because too much team damage and you get kicked. But for example, I throw a firebomb and my Russian team runs into it and stays in it on purpose, then I get banned. Also accidental grenades while rushing are also a part on this.

As this review comes to an end, I cannot recommend this game anymore.
It used to be alot better back when the gameplay actually matters, but right as of now, VALVE is only interested in filling their wallets. The result is a very broken game with broken mechanics, and not so community-approved updates. (R8 back in release.)

Thank you for reading.A Sophisticated CS:GO Review.
Alright, it's time for a honest and sophisticated CS:GO review, no hate, just criticism.
I've played this game since the beta of around August 2012, and I'm here to tell you that it didn't really get any better.
It went all from a competitive team-shooter to a game that's more about the skins than about the actual content featured in the game. For example, we've had a few operations that actually added some new gameplay style, but then again, you need to pay for those. And most of the time the updates revolves around some case with some new community skins in it. (Valve to lazy to design own skins).

And then there's the community, now I know there's alot of actual good people out there, but the majority of them are,  you guessed it, Russians/Polskis.
Now i don't mind people from Russia or Poland aslong as they play normally, which is most of the time not the case. Most of the Russians / Polski I've met in game are just general derankers and or griefers. Personally I don't really give much about a matchmaking rank other than the bragging rights, but derankers and griefers just take the fun out of my game, and that's just not cool. The most important thing about a game is to have fun, right? Well sadly I cannot say I can recommend to play this game solo if you expect a fun match.

And then there's the new matchmaking system everybody keeps talking about. I've experienced it myself, I've lost a couple ranks myself, but from a personal point of view, I don't see much trouble in it. Ofcourse, it's not fun to lose 3 ranks if you win 9 and lose 1 and get deranked. But the real thing is, if you really have the skill I'd recommend playing other things than matchmaking. (like ESEA, FaceIt, LANs) I can understand that people get frustrated if they lose their hard earned ranks, and I agree with them that it's a pretty stupid update, but Valve won't revert the update anytime soon, so it's best to learn to play with it.

Overwatch and matchmaking bans are flawed. Overwatch doesn't work because most of the players can't see the difference between a good player, and an actual hacker. Sometimes someone makes sound, and the Suspect just has very good sound so he hears him. Lower ranking players aren't able to hear or see this and convict him of wallhacking.
Matchmaking bans are bad because too much team damage and you get kicked. But for example, I throw a firebomb and my Russian team runs into it and stays in it on purpose, then I get banned. Also accidental grenades while rushing are also a part on this.

As this review comes to an end, I cannot recommend this game anymore.
It used to be alot better back when the gameplay actually matters, but right as of now, VALVE is only interested in filling their wallets. The result is a very broken game with broken mechanics, and not so community-approved updates. (R8 back in release.)

Thank you for reading.

Buy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian again

Buy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian againBuy this game if you like to swear people in a language that others don't understand.
11/10 would swear in Bulgarian again

Bought cs:go*
*Spent hundreds and lost it all from a betting addiction*
*Got mad at game so downloaded cheats*
*Vac banned 1 week later*

*Makes a new accountBought cs:go*
*Spent hundreds and lost it all from a betting addiction*
*Got mad at game so downloaded cheats*
*Vac banned 1 week later*

*Makes a new accountBought cs:go*
*Spent hundreds and lost it all from a betting addiction*
*Got mad at game so downloaded cheats*
*Vac banned 1 week later*

*Makes a new accountBought cs:go*
*Spent hundreds and lost it all from a betting addiction*
*Got mad at game so downloaded cheats*
*Vac banned 1 week later*

*Makes a new accountBought cs:go*
*Spent hundreds and lost it all from a betting addiction*
*Got mad at game so downloaded cheats*
*Vac banned 1 week later*

*Makes a new accountBought cs:go*
*Spent hundreds and lost it all from a betting addiction*
*Got mad at game so downloaded cheats*
*Vac banned 1 week later*

*Makes a new accountBought cs:go*
*Spent hundreds and lost it all from a betting addiction*
*Got mad at game so downloaded cheats*
*Vac banned 1 week later*

*Makes a new accountBought cs:go*
*Spent hundreds and lost it all from a betting addiction*
*Got mad at game so downloaded cheats*
*Vac banned 1 week later*

*Makes a new accountBought cs:go*
*Spent hundreds and lost it all from a betting addiction*
*Got mad at game so downloaded cheats*
*Vac banned 1 week later*

*Makes a new accountBought cs:go*
*Spent hundreds and lost it all from a betting addiction*
*Got mad at game so downloaded cheats*
*Vac banned 1 week later*

*Makes a new account

You can spawn watermelons and chickens!You can spawn watermelons and chickens!You can spawn watermelons and chickens!You can spawn watermelons and chickens!You can spawn watermelons and chickens!You can spawn watermelons and chickens!You can spawn watermelons and chickens!You can spawn watermelons and chickens!You can spawn watermelons and chickens!You can spawn watermelons and chickens!

This modern version of one of the best competitive games of all times does a good job in introducing new players to this highly tactical and skill-based gaming experience. If you are a veteran of the old days  CS:GO might disappoint you. It sure looks nice but lacks the precision that made CS 1.6 so damn good. Its still a very good Counter-Strike, though.It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps, and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.Brilliant old-school shooter has convinced us that Counter-Strike franchise is in no way to be retired or forgotten.At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS: Source, what counts is if it's fun. And CS:GO couldn't be better in this regard.This modern version of one of the best competitive games of all times does a good job in introducing new players to this highly tactical and skill-based gaming experience. If you are a veteran of the old days  CS:GO might disappoint you. It sure looks nice but lacks the precision that made CS 1.6 so damn good. Its still a very good Counter-Strike, though.It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps, and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.Brilliant old-school shooter has convinced us that Counter-Strike franchise is in no way to be retired or forgotten.At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS: Source, what counts is if it's fun. And CS:GO couldn't be better in this regard.This modern version of one of the best competitive games of all times does a good job in introducing new players to this highly tactical and skill-based gaming experience. If you are a veteran of the old days  CS:GO might disappoint you. It sure looks nice but lacks the precision that made CS 1.6 so damn good. Its still a very good Counter-Strike, though.It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps, and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.Brilliant old-school shooter has convinced us that Counter-Strike franchise is in no way to be retired or forgotten.At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS: Source, what counts is if it's fun. And CS:GO couldn't be better in this regard.This modern version of one of the best competitive games of all times does a good job in introducing new players to this highly tactical and skill-based gaming experience. If you are a veteran of the old days  CS:GO might disappoint you. It sure looks nice but lacks the precision that made CS 1.6 so damn good. Its still a very good Counter-Strike, though.It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps, and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.Brilliant old-school shooter has convinced us that Counter-Strike franchise is in no way to be retired or forgotten.At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS: Source, what counts is if it's fun. And CS:GO couldn't be better in this regard.This modern version of one of the best competitive games of all times does a good job in introducing new players to this highly tactical and skill-based gaming experience. If you are a veteran of the old days  CS:GO might disappoint you. It sure looks nice but lacks the precision that made CS 1.6 so damn good. Its still a very good Counter-Strike, though.It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps, and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.Brilliant old-school shooter has convinced us that Counter-Strike franchise is in no way to be retired or forgotten.At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS: Source, what counts is if it's fun. And CS:GO couldn't be better in this regard.This modern version of one of the best competitive games of all times does a good job in introducing new players to this highly tactical and skill-based gaming experience. If you are a veteran of the old days  CS:GO might disappoint you. It sure looks nice but lacks the precision that made CS 1.6 so damn good. Its still a very good Counter-Strike, though.It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps, and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.Brilliant old-school shooter has convinced us that Counter-Strike franchise is in no way to be retired or forgotten.At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS: Source, what counts is if it's fun. And CS:GO couldn't be better in this regard.This modern version of one of the best competitive games of all times does a good job in introducing new players to this highly tactical and skill-based gaming experience. If you are a veteran of the old days  CS:GO might disappoint you. It sure looks nice but lacks the precision that made CS 1.6 so damn good. Its still a very good Counter-Strike, though.It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps, and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.Brilliant old-school shooter has convinced us that Counter-Strike franchise is in no way to be retired or forgotten.At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS: Source, what counts is if it's fun. And CS:GO couldn't be better in this regard.This modern version of one of the best competitive games of all times does a good job in introducing new players to this highly tactical and skill-based gaming experience. If you are a veteran of the old days  CS:GO might disappoint you. It sure looks nice but lacks the precision that made CS 1.6 so damn good. Its still a very good Counter-Strike, though.It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps, and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.Brilliant old-school shooter has convinced us that Counter-Strike franchise is in no way to be retired or forgotten.At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS: Source, what counts is if it's fun. And CS:GO couldn't be better in this regard.This modern version of one of the best competitive games of all times does a good job in introducing new players to this highly tactical and skill-based gaming experience. If you are a veteran of the old days  CS:GO might disappoint you. It sure looks nice but lacks the precision that made CS 1.6 so damn good. Its still a very good Counter-Strike, though.It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps, and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.Brilliant old-school shooter has convinced us that Counter-Strike franchise is in no way to be retired or forgotten.At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS: Source, what counts is if it's fun. And CS:GO couldn't be better in this regard.This modern version of one of the best competitive games of all times does a good job in introducing new players to this highly tactical and skill-based gaming experience. If you are a veteran of the old days  CS:GO might disappoint you. It sure looks nice but lacks the precision that made CS 1.6 so damn good. Its still a very good Counter-Strike, though.It may lack some of the community niceties, beloved maps, and little features of past games, but Global Offensive delivers on the promise of a faithful, polished, and better looking Counter-Strike for whoever wants it. Even if the community doesn't meet the golden standard of 1.6 and Source, CS:GO will remain a multiplayer classic for those willing to put in the time to learn the maps and weapons.Brilliant old-school shooter has convinced us that Counter-Strike franchise is in no way to be retired or forgotten.At the end, what matters is not if CS:GO is innovative or more of the same than CS: Source, what counts is if it's fun. And CS:GO couldn't be better in this regard.

Too many Negative and rude people in cs go

60% of the game are them

It's still a good game, Just the fact that some guys are just too rudeToo many Negative and rude people in cs go

60% of the game are them

It's still a good game, Just the fact that some guys are just too rudeToo many Negative and rude people in cs go

60% of the game are them

It's still a good game, Just the fact that some guys are just too rudeToo many Negative and rude people in cs go

60% of the game are them

It's still a good game, Just the fact that some guys are just too rudeToo many Negative and rude people in cs go

60% of the game are them

It's still a good game, Just the fact that some guys are just too rudeToo many Negative and rude people in cs go

60% of the game are them

It's still a good game, Just the fact that some guys are just too rudeToo many Negative and rude people in cs go

60% of the game are them

It's still a good game, Just the fact that some guys are just too rudeToo many Negative and rude people in cs go

60% of the game are them

It's still a good game, Just the fact that some guys are just too rudeToo many Negative and rude people in cs go

60% of the game are them

It's still a good game, Just the fact that some guys are just too rudeToo many Negative and rude people in cs go

60% of the game are them

It's still a good game, Just the fact that some guys are just too rude

Learn professional russian in just 1 month for just 13Learn professional russian in just 1 month for just 13Learn professional russian in just 1 month for just 13Learn professional russian in just 1 month for just 13Learn professional russian in just 1 month for just 13Learn professional russian in just 1 month for just 13Learn professional russian in just 1 month for just 13Learn professional russian in just 1 month for just 13Learn professional russian in just 1 month for just 13Learn professional russian in just 1 month for just 13

I love Counter Strike but actually they're too many Hackers on Competitive.
Special Holiday" Offers ruined this game tooI love Counter Strike but actually they're too many Hackers on Competitive.
Special Holiday" Offers ruined this game tooI love Counter Strike but actually they're too many Hackers on Competitive.
Special Holiday" Offers ruined this game tooI love Counter Strike but actually they're too many Hackers on Competitive.
Special Holiday" Offers ruined this game tooI love Counter Strike but actually they're too many Hackers on Competitive.
Special Holiday" Offers ruined this game tooI love Counter Strike but actually they're too many Hackers on Competitive.
Special Holiday" Offers ruined this game tooI love Counter Strike but actually they're too many Hackers on Competitive.
Special Holiday" Offers ruined this game tooI love Counter Strike but actually they're too many Hackers on Competitive.
Special Holiday" Offers ruined this game tooI love Counter Strike but actually they're too many Hackers on Competitive.
Special Holiday" Offers ruined this game tooI love Counter Strike but actually they're too many Hackers on Competitive.
Special Holiday" Offers ruined this game too

Best raging simulator ever 11/10 - IGNBest raging simulator ever 11/10 - IGNBest raging simulator ever 11/10 - IGNBest raging simulator ever 11/10 - IGNBest raging simulator ever 11/10 - IGNBest raging simulator ever 11/10 - IGNBest raging simulator ever 11/10 - IGNBest raging simulator ever 11/10 - IGNBest raging simulator ever 11/10 - IGNBest raging simulator ever 11/10 - IGN

PROS:
- Skins (you love them.)
- Stickers (some are pretty.)
- Competitive matches (they can make you 1337".)
- Life time support and updates confirmed (operationsPROS:
- Skins (you love them.)
- Stickers (some are pretty.)
- Competitive matches (they can make you 1337".)
- Life time support and updates confirmed (operationsPROS:
- Skins (you love them.)
- Stickers (some are pretty.)
- Competitive matches (they can make you 1337".)
- Life time support and updates confirmed (operationsPROS:
- Skins (you love them.)
- Stickers (some are pretty.)
- Competitive matches (they can make you 1337".)
- Life time support and updates confirmed (operationsPROS:
- Skins (you love them.)
- Stickers (some are pretty.)
- Competitive matches (they can make you 1337".)
- Life time support and updates confirmed (operationsPROS:
- Skins (you love them.)
- Stickers (some are pretty.)
- Competitive matches (they can make you 1337".)
- Life time support and updates confirmed (operationsPROS:
- Skins (you love them.)
- Stickers (some are pretty.)
- Competitive matches (they can make you 1337".)
- Life time support and updates confirmed (operationsPROS:
- Skins (you love them.)
- Stickers (some are pretty.)
- Competitive matches (they can make you 1337".)
- Life time support and updates confirmed (operationsPROS:
- Skins (you love them.)
- Stickers (some are pretty.)
- Competitive matches (they can make you 1337".)
- Life time support and updates confirmed (operationsPROS:
- Skins (you love them.)
- Stickers (some are pretty.)
- Competitive matches (they can make you 1337".)
- Life time support and updates confirmed (operations

Counter-Strike: Cheater OffensiveCounter-Strike: Cheater OffensiveCounter-Strike: Cheater OffensiveCounter-Strike: Cheater OffensiveCounter-Strike: Cheater OffensiveCounter-Strike: Cheater OffensiveCounter-Strike: Cheater OffensiveCounter-Strike: Cheater OffensiveCounter-Strike: Cheater OffensiveCounter-Strike: Cheater Offensive

kal ebaniykal ebaniykal ebaniykal ebaniykal ebaniykal ebaniykal ebaniykal ebaniykal ebaniykal ebaniy

Where can I get the English version?Where can I get the English version?Where can I get the English version?Where can I get the English version?Where can I get the English version?Where can I get the English version?Where can I get the English version?Where can I get the English version?Where can I get the English version?Where can I get the English version?

This is the worst game I have ever played and I hate it. Often times after a playing session I question my sanity.

I have a love-hate relationship with this game.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a terrible broken game filled with hundreds of wrong things.
Here are some of them:
(No Russians are not ruining the game, seriously I have never ever met a bad Russian.)
-Broken Hitboxes
-Jumping Hitboxes
-Hitboxes messed up while on a ladder
-Invisible players
-Hit registration
-Aimpunch
-Ghost footsteps
-No 128 tick servers
-Horrible Ice-skate-like movement
-Awful matchmaking
-Amount of s Valve and the developers don't give about hackers.
-Bad anti-cheat
-Smurfs
-No 100% accuracy on first shot on the AK-47 and M4A4/A1
-Overpowered pistols like the Tec-9 and the Five-SeveN which are not fixed properly for months
-Pistols' moving accuracy is insane
-All guns' moving accuracy is insane
-SMGs' promoting run 'n gun
-P90
-CZ-75
-No wallbanging
-No Bhop
-Random  updates
-Unexpected nerfs
-Unexpected buffs
-Scout does not increase movement speed
- of skins
-1.6/Source knives are gone
-MP5 is gone
-No func_vehicle
-A LOT less community servers
-A LOT less friendly communities around servers
-A LOT less mods are being played
-A LOT more toxic s
-Skins
-No free skins
-Awful AK-47 Wood Texture
- AK-47 Shooting Sound
-I have a friend that I can straight on wreck at anytime, anywhere be it DM, Aim or Classic, but he is still at least 4 ranks higher than me
-You need at least 1K hours to be decent at this game, and no, I'm not talking about Global Elites, there are hundreds of players times better than the highest rank in CS:GO and not all of them are pros.
-This game is so bad that Valve had to implement skins in order to lure new players, otherwise the playerbase would have been a lot lot smaller now.
-1.6 was better and you know it

But hey, there are still some cool things, imagine you not warming up at all and hopping into a competitive game, you start CT side on Nuke and first round, the T just kick your  and that continues for a couple of rounds, still you don't give a , you did not join to win, but then you start getting mad headshots and end the half 8:7 for your side. After this your team is like: OMGThis is the worst game I have ever played and I hate it. Often times after a playing session I question my sanity.

I have a love-hate relationship with this game.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a terrible broken game filled with hundreds of wrong things.
Here are some of them:
(No Russians are not ruining the game, seriously I have never ever met a bad Russian.)
-Broken Hitboxes
-Jumping Hitboxes
-Hitboxes messed up while on a ladder
-Invisible players
-Hit registration
-Aimpunch
-Ghost footsteps
-No 128 tick servers
-Horrible Ice-skate-like movement
-Awful matchmaking
-Amount of s Valve and the developers don't give about hackers.
-Bad anti-cheat
-Smurfs
-No 100% accuracy on first shot on the AK-47 and M4A4/A1
-Overpowered pistols like the Tec-9 and the Five-SeveN which are not fixed properly for months
-Pistols' moving accuracy is insane
-All guns' moving accuracy is insane
-SMGs' promoting run 'n gun
-P90
-CZ-75
-No wallbanging
-No Bhop
-Random  updates
-Unexpected nerfs
-Unexpected buffs
-Scout does not increase movement speed
- of skins
-1.6/Source knives are gone
-MP5 is gone
-No func_vehicle
-A LOT less community servers
-A LOT less friendly communities around servers
-A LOT less mods are being played
-A LOT more toxic s
-Skins
-No free skins
-Awful AK-47 Wood Texture
- AK-47 Shooting Sound
-I have a friend that I can straight on wreck at anytime, anywhere be it DM, Aim or Classic, but he is still at least 4 ranks higher than me
-You need at least 1K hours to be decent at this game, and no, I'm not talking about Global Elites, there are hundreds of players times better than the highest rank in CS:GO and not all of them are pros.
-This game is so bad that Valve had to implement skins in order to lure new players, otherwise the playerbase would have been a lot lot smaller now.
-1.6 was better and you know it

But hey, there are still some cool things, imagine you not warming up at all and hopping into a competitive game, you start CT side on Nuke and first round, the T just kick your  and that continues for a couple of rounds, still you don't give a , you did not join to win, but then you start getting mad headshots and end the half 8:7 for your side. After this your team is like: OMGThis is the worst game I have ever played and I hate it. Often times after a playing session I question my sanity.

I have a love-hate relationship with this game.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a terrible broken game filled with hundreds of wrong things.
Here are some of them:
(No Russians are not ruining the game, seriously I have never ever met a bad Russian.)
-Broken Hitboxes
-Jumping Hitboxes
-Hitboxes messed up while on a ladder
-Invisible players
-Hit registration
-Aimpunch
-Ghost footsteps
-No 128 tick servers
-Horrible Ice-skate-like movement
-Awful matchmaking
-Amount of s Valve and the developers don't give about hackers.
-Bad anti-cheat
-Smurfs
-No 100% accuracy on first shot on the AK-47 and M4A4/A1
-Overpowered pistols like the Tec-9 and the Five-SeveN which are not fixed properly for months
-Pistols' moving accuracy is insane
-All guns' moving accuracy is insane
-SMGs' promoting run 'n gun
-P90
-CZ-75
-No wallbanging
-No Bhop
-Random  updates
-Unexpected nerfs
-Unexpected buffs
-Scout does not increase movement speed
- of skins
-1.6/Source knives are gone
-MP5 is gone
-No func_vehicle
-A LOT less community servers
-A LOT less friendly communities around servers
-A LOT less mods are being played
-A LOT more toxic s
-Skins
-No free skins
-Awful AK-47 Wood Texture
- AK-47 Shooting Sound
-I have a friend that I can straight on wreck at anytime, anywhere be it DM, Aim or Classic, but he is still at least 4 ranks higher than me
-You need at least 1K hours to be decent at this game, and no, I'm not talking about Global Elites, there are hundreds of players times better than the highest rank in CS:GO and not all of them are pros.
-This game is so bad that Valve had to implement skins in order to lure new players, otherwise the playerbase would have been a lot lot smaller now.
-1.6 was better and you know it

But hey, there are still some cool things, imagine you not warming up at all and hopping into a competitive game, you start CT side on Nuke and first round, the T just kick your  and that continues for a couple of rounds, still you don't give a , you did not join to win, but then you start getting mad headshots and end the half 8:7 for your side. After this your team is like: OMGThis is the worst game I have ever played and I hate it. Often times after a playing session I question my sanity.

I have a love-hate relationship with this game.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a terrible broken game filled with hundreds of wrong things.
Here are some of them:
(No Russians are not ruining the game, seriously I have never ever met a bad Russian.)
-Broken Hitboxes
-Jumping Hitboxes
-Hitboxes messed up while on a ladder
-Invisible players
-Hit registration
-Aimpunch
-Ghost footsteps
-No 128 tick servers
-Horrible Ice-skate-like movement
-Awful matchmaking
-Amount of s Valve and the developers don't give about hackers.
-Bad anti-cheat
-Smurfs
-No 100% accuracy on first shot on the AK-47 and M4A4/A1
-Overpowered pistols like the Tec-9 and the Five-SeveN which are not fixed properly for months
-Pistols' moving accuracy is insane
-All guns' moving accuracy is insane
-SMGs' promoting run 'n gun
-P90
-CZ-75
-No wallbanging
-No Bhop
-Random  updates
-Unexpected nerfs
-Unexpected buffs
-Scout does not increase movement speed
- of skins
-1.6/Source knives are gone
-MP5 is gone
-No func_vehicle
-A LOT less community servers
-A LOT less friendly communities around servers
-A LOT less mods are being played
-A LOT more toxic s
-Skins
-No free skins
-Awful AK-47 Wood Texture
- AK-47 Shooting Sound
-I have a friend that I can straight on wreck at anytime, anywhere be it DM, Aim or Classic, but he is still at least 4 ranks higher than me
-You need at least 1K hours to be decent at this game, and no, I'm not talking about Global Elites, there are hundreds of players times better than the highest rank in CS:GO and not all of them are pros.
-This game is so bad that Valve had to implement skins in order to lure new players, otherwise the playerbase would have been a lot lot smaller now.
-1.6 was better and you know it

But hey, there are still some cool things, imagine you not warming up at all and hopping into a competitive game, you start CT side on Nuke and first round, the T just kick your  and that continues for a couple of rounds, still you don't give a , you did not join to win, but then you start getting mad headshots and end the half 8:7 for your side. After this your team is like: OMGThis is the worst game I have ever played and I hate it. Often times after a playing session I question my sanity.

I have a love-hate relationship with this game.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a terrible broken game filled with hundreds of wrong things.
Here are some of them:
(No Russians are not ruining the game, seriously I have never ever met a bad Russian.)
-Broken Hitboxes
-Jumping Hitboxes
-Hitboxes messed up while on a ladder
-Invisible players
-Hit registration
-Aimpunch
-Ghost footsteps
-No 128 tick servers
-Horrible Ice-skate-like movement
-Awful matchmaking
-Amount of s Valve and the developers don't give about hackers.
-Bad anti-cheat
-Smurfs
-No 100% accuracy on first shot on the AK-47 and M4A4/A1
-Overpowered pistols like the Tec-9 and the Five-SeveN which are not fixed properly for months
-Pistols' moving accuracy is insane
-All guns' moving accuracy is insane
-SMGs' promoting run 'n gun
-P90
-CZ-75
-No wallbanging
-No Bhop
-Random  updates
-Unexpected nerfs
-Unexpected buffs
-Scout does not increase movement speed
- of skins
-1.6/Source knives are gone
-MP5 is gone
-No func_vehicle
-A LOT less community servers
-A LOT less friendly communities around servers
-A LOT less mods are being played
-A LOT more toxic s
-Skins
-No free skins
-Awful AK-47 Wood Texture
- AK-47 Shooting Sound
-I have a friend that I can straight on wreck at anytime, anywhere be it DM, Aim or Classic, but he is still at least 4 ranks higher than me
-You need at least 1K hours to be decent at this game, and no, I'm not talking about Global Elites, there are hundreds of players times better than the highest rank in CS:GO and not all of them are pros.
-This game is so bad that Valve had to implement skins in order to lure new players, otherwise the playerbase would have been a lot lot smaller now.
-1.6 was better and you know it

But hey, there are still some cool things, imagine you not warming up at all and hopping into a competitive game, you start CT side on Nuke and first round, the T just kick your  and that continues for a couple of rounds, still you don't give a , you did not join to win, but then you start getting mad headshots and end the half 8:7 for your side. After this your team is like: OMGThis is the worst game I have ever played and I hate it. Often times after a playing session I question my sanity.

I have a love-hate relationship with this game.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a terrible broken game filled with hundreds of wrong things.
Here are some of them:
(No Russians are not ruining the game, seriously I have never ever met a bad Russian.)
-Broken Hitboxes
-Jumping Hitboxes
-Hitboxes messed up while on a ladder
-Invisible players
-Hit registration
-Aimpunch
-Ghost footsteps
-No 128 tick servers
-Horrible Ice-skate-like movement
-Awful matchmaking
-Amount of s Valve and the developers don't give about hackers.
-Bad anti-cheat
-Smurfs
-No 100% accuracy on first shot on the AK-47 and M4A4/A1
-Overpowered pistols like the Tec-9 and the Five-SeveN which are not fixed properly for months
-Pistols' moving accuracy is insane
-All guns' moving accuracy is insane
-SMGs' promoting run 'n gun
-P90
-CZ-75
-No wallbanging
-No Bhop
-Random  updates
-Unexpected nerfs
-Unexpected buffs
-Scout does not increase movement speed
- of skins
-1.6/Source knives are gone
-MP5 is gone
-No func_vehicle
-A LOT less community servers
-A LOT less friendly communities around servers
-A LOT less mods are being played
-A LOT more toxic s
-Skins
-No free skins
-Awful AK-47 Wood Texture
- AK-47 Shooting Sound
-I have a friend that I can straight on wreck at anytime, anywhere be it DM, Aim or Classic, but he is still at least 4 ranks higher than me
-You need at least 1K hours to be decent at this game, and no, I'm not talking about Global Elites, there are hundreds of players times better than the highest rank in CS:GO and not all of them are pros.
-This game is so bad that Valve had to implement skins in order to lure new players, otherwise the playerbase would have been a lot lot smaller now.
-1.6 was better and you know it

But hey, there are still some cool things, imagine you not warming up at all and hopping into a competitive game, you start CT side on Nuke and first round, the T just kick your  and that continues for a couple of rounds, still you don't give a , you did not join to win, but then you start getting mad headshots and end the half 8:7 for your side. After this your team is like: OMGThis is the worst game I have ever played and I hate it. Often times after a playing session I question my sanity.

I have a love-hate relationship with this game.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a terrible broken game filled with hundreds of wrong things.
Here are some of them:
(No Russians are not ruining the game, seriously I have never ever met a bad Russian.)
-Broken Hitboxes
-Jumping Hitboxes
-Hitboxes messed up while on a ladder
-Invisible players
-Hit registration
-Aimpunch
-Ghost footsteps
-No 128 tick servers
-Horrible Ice-skate-like movement
-Awful matchmaking
-Amount of s Valve and the developers don't give about hackers.
-Bad anti-cheat
-Smurfs
-No 100% accuracy on first shot on the AK-47 and M4A4/A1
-Overpowered pistols like the Tec-9 and the Five-SeveN which are not fixed properly for months
-Pistols' moving accuracy is insane
-All guns' moving accuracy is insane
-SMGs' promoting run 'n gun
-P90
-CZ-75
-No wallbanging
-No Bhop
-Random  updates
-Unexpected nerfs
-Unexpected buffs
-Scout does not increase movement speed
- of skins
-1.6/Source knives are gone
-MP5 is gone
-No func_vehicle
-A LOT less community servers
-A LOT less friendly communities around servers
-A LOT less mods are being played
-A LOT more toxic s
-Skins
-No free skins
-Awful AK-47 Wood Texture
- AK-47 Shooting Sound
-I have a friend that I can straight on wreck at anytime, anywhere be it DM, Aim or Classic, but he is still at least 4 ranks higher than me
-You need at least 1K hours to be decent at this game, and no, I'm not talking about Global Elites, there are hundreds of players times better than the highest rank in CS:GO and not all of them are pros.
-This game is so bad that Valve had to implement skins in order to lure new players, otherwise the playerbase would have been a lot lot smaller now.
-1.6 was better and you know it

But hey, there are still some cool things, imagine you not warming up at all and hopping into a competitive game, you start CT side on Nuke and first round, the T just kick your  and that continues for a couple of rounds, still you don't give a , you did not join to win, but then you start getting mad headshots and end the half 8:7 for your side. After this your team is like: OMGThis is the worst game I have ever played and I hate it. Often times after a playing session I question my sanity.

I have a love-hate relationship with this game.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a terrible broken game filled with hundreds of wrong things.
Here are some of them:
(No Russians are not ruining the game, seriously I have never ever met a bad Russian.)
-Broken Hitboxes
-Jumping Hitboxes
-Hitboxes messed up while on a ladder
-Invisible players
-Hit registration
-Aimpunch
-Ghost footsteps
-No 128 tick servers
-Horrible Ice-skate-like movement
-Awful matchmaking
-Amount of s Valve and the developers don't give about hackers.
-Bad anti-cheat
-Smurfs
-No 100% accuracy on first shot on the AK-47 and M4A4/A1
-Overpowered pistols like the Tec-9 and the Five-SeveN which are not fixed properly for months
-Pistols' moving accuracy is insane
-All guns' moving accuracy is insane
-SMGs' promoting run 'n gun
-P90
-CZ-75
-No wallbanging
-No Bhop
-Random  updates
-Unexpected nerfs
-Unexpected buffs
-Scout does not increase movement speed
- of skins
-1.6/Source knives are gone
-MP5 is gone
-No func_vehicle
-A LOT less community servers
-A LOT less friendly communities around servers
-A LOT less mods are being played
-A LOT more toxic s
-Skins
-No free skins
-Awful AK-47 Wood Texture
- AK-47 Shooting Sound
-I have a friend that I can straight on wreck at anytime, anywhere be it DM, Aim or Classic, but he is still at least 4 ranks higher than me
-You need at least 1K hours to be decent at this game, and no, I'm not talking about Global Elites, there are hundreds of players times better than the highest rank in CS:GO and not all of them are pros.
-This game is so bad that Valve had to implement skins in order to lure new players, otherwise the playerbase would have been a lot lot smaller now.
-1.6 was better and you know it

But hey, there are still some cool things, imagine you not warming up at all and hopping into a competitive game, you start CT side on Nuke and first round, the T just kick your  and that continues for a couple of rounds, still you don't give a , you did not join to win, but then you start getting mad headshots and end the half 8:7 for your side. After this your team is like: OMGThis is the worst game I have ever played and I hate it. Often times after a playing session I question my sanity.

I have a love-hate relationship with this game.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a terrible broken game filled with hundreds of wrong things.
Here are some of them:
(No Russians are not ruining the game, seriously I have never ever met a bad Russian.)
-Broken Hitboxes
-Jumping Hitboxes
-Hitboxes messed up while on a ladder
-Invisible players
-Hit registration
-Aimpunch
-Ghost footsteps
-No 128 tick servers
-Horrible Ice-skate-like movement
-Awful matchmaking
-Amount of s Valve and the developers don't give about hackers.
-Bad anti-cheat
-Smurfs
-No 100% accuracy on first shot on the AK-47 and M4A4/A1
-Overpowered pistols like the Tec-9 and the Five-SeveN which are not fixed properly for months
-Pistols' moving accuracy is insane
-All guns' moving accuracy is insane
-SMGs' promoting run 'n gun
-P90
-CZ-75
-No wallbanging
-No Bhop
-Random  updates
-Unexpected nerfs
-Unexpected buffs
-Scout does not increase movement speed
- of skins
-1.6/Source knives are gone
-MP5 is gone
-No func_vehicle
-A LOT less community servers
-A LOT less friendly communities around servers
-A LOT less mods are being played
-A LOT more toxic s
-Skins
-No free skins
-Awful AK-47 Wood Texture
- AK-47 Shooting Sound
-I have a friend that I can straight on wreck at anytime, anywhere be it DM, Aim or Classic, but he is still at least 4 ranks higher than me
-You need at least 1K hours to be decent at this game, and no, I'm not talking about Global Elites, there are hundreds of players times better than the highest rank in CS:GO and not all of them are pros.
-This game is so bad that Valve had to implement skins in order to lure new players, otherwise the playerbase would have been a lot lot smaller now.
-1.6 was better and you know it

But hey, there are still some cool things, imagine you not warming up at all and hopping into a competitive game, you start CT side on Nuke and first round, the T just kick your  and that continues for a couple of rounds, still you don't give a , you did not join to win, but then you start getting mad headshots and end the half 8:7 for your side. After this your team is like: OMGThis is the worst game I have ever played and I hate it. Often times after a playing session I question my sanity.

I have a love-hate relationship with this game.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a terrible broken game filled with hundreds of wrong things.
Here are some of them:
(No Russians are not ruining the game, seriously I have never ever met a bad Russian.)
-Broken Hitboxes
-Jumping Hitboxes
-Hitboxes messed up while on a ladder
-Invisible players
-Hit registration
-Aimpunch
-Ghost footsteps
-No 128 tick servers
-Horrible Ice-skate-like movement
-Awful matchmaking
-Amount of s Valve and the developers don't give about hackers.
-Bad anti-cheat
-Smurfs
-No 100% accuracy on first shot on the AK-47 and M4A4/A1
-Overpowered pistols like the Tec-9 and the Five-SeveN which are not fixed properly for months
-Pistols' moving accuracy is insane
-All guns' moving accuracy is insane
-SMGs' promoting run 'n gun
-P90
-CZ-75
-No wallbanging
-No Bhop
-Random  updates
-Unexpected nerfs
-Unexpected buffs
-Scout does not increase movement speed
- of skins
-1.6/Source knives are gone
-MP5 is gone
-No func_vehicle
-A LOT less community servers
-A LOT less friendly communities around servers
-A LOT less mods are being played
-A LOT more toxic s
-Skins
-No free skins
-Awful AK-47 Wood Texture
- AK-47 Shooting Sound
-I have a friend that I can straight on wreck at anytime, anywhere be it DM, Aim or Classic, but he is still at least 4 ranks higher than me
-You need at least 1K hours to be decent at this game, and no, I'm not talking about Global Elites, there are hundreds of players times better than the highest rank in CS:GO and not all of them are pros.
-This game is so bad that Valve had to implement skins in order to lure new players, otherwise the playerbase would have been a lot lot smaller now.
-1.6 was better and you know it

But hey, there are still some cool things, imagine you not warming up at all and hopping into a competitive game, you start CT side on Nuke and first round, the T just kick your  and that continues for a couple of rounds, still you don't give a , you did not join to win, but then you start getting mad headshots and end the half 8:7 for your side. After this your team is like: OMG

WOW... Just wow... Smurfs, Jerks and hackers! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME COMPETETIVE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE FUN !!! (Unless, fun to you is getting aggravated, being yelled at for not playing good and not knowing everything about the game.) If you wish to gain a good rank, join a team who will help you get carried or boost you for money. As for ranking up as an individual the only way to do that, is to have friends who have the proper skills for a highly competetive gameplay and all you have to do is plant or defuse the bomb while they cover for you... You then learned nothing. :/ That makes it a TEAM GAME I guess. That way you can gain team points PER ROUNDS WIN and that is all !!! Kill / death ratio doesn't matter anymore, you are as GOOD or as CRAP as your team is. Level up with your freinds or they will soon not play with you and you get stuck in what is referred to as silver hell." Good luck getting out of that becauseWOW... Just wow... Smurfs, Jerks and hackers! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME COMPETETIVE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE FUN !!! (Unless, fun to you is getting aggravated, being yelled at for not playing good and not knowing everything about the game.) If you wish to gain a good rank, join a team who will help you get carried or boost you for money. As for ranking up as an individual the only way to do that, is to have friends who have the proper skills for a highly competetive gameplay and all you have to do is plant or defuse the bomb while they cover for you... You then learned nothing. :/ That makes it a TEAM GAME I guess. That way you can gain team points PER ROUNDS WIN and that is all !!! Kill / death ratio doesn't matter anymore, you are as GOOD or as CRAP as your team is. Level up with your freinds or they will soon not play with you and you get stuck in what is referred to as silver hell." Good luck getting out of that becauseWOW... Just wow... Smurfs, Jerks and hackers! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME COMPETETIVE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE FUN !!! (Unless, fun to you is getting aggravated, being yelled at for not playing good and not knowing everything about the game.) If you wish to gain a good rank, join a team who will help you get carried or boost you for money. As for ranking up as an individual the only way to do that, is to have friends who have the proper skills for a highly competetive gameplay and all you have to do is plant or defuse the bomb while they cover for you... You then learned nothing. :/ That makes it a TEAM GAME I guess. That way you can gain team points PER ROUNDS WIN and that is all !!! Kill / death ratio doesn't matter anymore, you are as GOOD or as CRAP as your team is. Level up with your freinds or they will soon not play with you and you get stuck in what is referred to as silver hell." Good luck getting out of that becauseWOW... Just wow... Smurfs, Jerks and hackers! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME COMPETETIVE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE FUN !!! (Unless, fun to you is getting aggravated, being yelled at for not playing good and not knowing everything about the game.) If you wish to gain a good rank, join a team who will help you get carried or boost you for money. As for ranking up as an individual the only way to do that, is to have friends who have the proper skills for a highly competetive gameplay and all you have to do is plant or defuse the bomb while they cover for you... You then learned nothing. :/ That makes it a TEAM GAME I guess. That way you can gain team points PER ROUNDS WIN and that is all !!! Kill / death ratio doesn't matter anymore, you are as GOOD or as CRAP as your team is. Level up with your freinds or they will soon not play with you and you get stuck in what is referred to as silver hell." Good luck getting out of that becauseWOW... Just wow... Smurfs, Jerks and hackers! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME COMPETETIVE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE FUN !!! (Unless, fun to you is getting aggravated, being yelled at for not playing good and not knowing everything about the game.) If you wish to gain a good rank, join a team who will help you get carried or boost you for money. As for ranking up as an individual the only way to do that, is to have friends who have the proper skills for a highly competetive gameplay and all you have to do is plant or defuse the bomb while they cover for you... You then learned nothing. :/ That makes it a TEAM GAME I guess. That way you can gain team points PER ROUNDS WIN and that is all !!! Kill / death ratio doesn't matter anymore, you are as GOOD or as CRAP as your team is. Level up with your freinds or they will soon not play with you and you get stuck in what is referred to as silver hell." Good luck getting out of that becauseWOW... Just wow... Smurfs, Jerks and hackers! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME COMPETETIVE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE FUN !!! (Unless, fun to you is getting aggravated, being yelled at for not playing good and not knowing everything about the game.) If you wish to gain a good rank, join a team who will help you get carried or boost you for money. As for ranking up as an individual the only way to do that, is to have friends who have the proper skills for a highly competetive gameplay and all you have to do is plant or defuse the bomb while they cover for you... You then learned nothing. :/ That makes it a TEAM GAME I guess. That way you can gain team points PER ROUNDS WIN and that is all !!! Kill / death ratio doesn't matter anymore, you are as GOOD or as CRAP as your team is. Level up with your freinds or they will soon not play with you and you get stuck in what is referred to as silver hell." Good luck getting out of that becauseWOW... Just wow... Smurfs, Jerks and hackers! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME COMPETETIVE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE FUN !!! (Unless, fun to you is getting aggravated, being yelled at for not playing good and not knowing everything about the game.) If you wish to gain a good rank, join a team who will help you get carried or boost you for money. As for ranking up as an individual the only way to do that, is to have friends who have the proper skills for a highly competetive gameplay and all you have to do is plant or defuse the bomb while they cover for you... You then learned nothing. :/ That makes it a TEAM GAME I guess. That way you can gain team points PER ROUNDS WIN and that is all !!! Kill / death ratio doesn't matter anymore, you are as GOOD or as CRAP as your team is. Level up with your freinds or they will soon not play with you and you get stuck in what is referred to as silver hell." Good luck getting out of that becauseWOW... Just wow... Smurfs, Jerks and hackers! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME COMPETETIVE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE FUN !!! (Unless, fun to you is getting aggravated, being yelled at for not playing good and not knowing everything about the game.) If you wish to gain a good rank, join a team who will help you get carried or boost you for money. As for ranking up as an individual the only way to do that, is to have friends who have the proper skills for a highly competetive gameplay and all you have to do is plant or defuse the bomb while they cover for you... You then learned nothing. :/ That makes it a TEAM GAME I guess. That way you can gain team points PER ROUNDS WIN and that is all !!! Kill / death ratio doesn't matter anymore, you are as GOOD or as CRAP as your team is. Level up with your freinds or they will soon not play with you and you get stuck in what is referred to as silver hell." Good luck getting out of that becauseWOW... Just wow... Smurfs, Jerks and hackers! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME COMPETETIVE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE FUN !!! (Unless, fun to you is getting aggravated, being yelled at for not playing good and not knowing everything about the game.) If you wish to gain a good rank, join a team who will help you get carried or boost you for money. As for ranking up as an individual the only way to do that, is to have friends who have the proper skills for a highly competetive gameplay and all you have to do is plant or defuse the bomb while they cover for you... You then learned nothing. :/ That makes it a TEAM GAME I guess. That way you can gain team points PER ROUNDS WIN and that is all !!! Kill / death ratio doesn't matter anymore, you are as GOOD or as CRAP as your team is. Level up with your freinds or they will soon not play with you and you get stuck in what is referred to as silver hell." Good luck getting out of that becauseWOW... Just wow... Smurfs, Jerks and hackers! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME COMPETETIVE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE FUN !!! (Unless, fun to you is getting aggravated, being yelled at for not playing good and not knowing everything about the game.) If you wish to gain a good rank, join a team who will help you get carried or boost you for money. As for ranking up as an individual the only way to do that, is to have friends who have the proper skills for a highly competetive gameplay and all you have to do is plant or defuse the bomb while they cover for you... You then learned nothing. :/ That makes it a TEAM GAME I guess. That way you can gain team points PER ROUNDS WIN and that is all !!! Kill / death ratio doesn't matter anymore, you are as GOOD or as CRAP as your team is. Level up with your freinds or they will soon not play with you and you get stuck in what is referred to as silver hell." Good luck getting out of that because

If CS:GO was a girl. I'd date her, and  her a lot. Then after that get frusterated because of things she does that doesn't make sense but still be with her. Then we'd have sex again. When we're in bed I'd be killin' it ontop, but when she's ontop I just absolutely hate it as she dominates me. After that we'd get into a fight about who was better that round and we'd always end the fight at a negative note. The next day I'd start talking to her again and the cycle goes on and on. CS:GO is the equivalent to an abusive relationship. 10/10 would recommend just because being ontop feels pretty good in this game.If CS:GO was a girl. I'd date her, and  her a lot. Then after that get frusterated because of things she does that doesn't make sense but still be with her. Then we'd have sex again. When we're in bed I'd be killin' it ontop, but when she's ontop I just absolutely hate it as she dominates me. After that we'd get into a fight about who was better that round and we'd always end the fight at a negative note. The next day I'd start talking to her again and the cycle goes on and on. CS:GO is the equivalent to an abusive relationship. 10/10 would recommend just because being ontop feels pretty good in this game.If CS:GO was a girl. I'd date her, and  her a lot. Then after that get frusterated because of things she does that doesn't make sense but still be with her. Then we'd have sex again. When we're in bed I'd be killin' it ontop, but when she's ontop I just absolutely hate it as she dominates me. After that we'd get into a fight about who was better that round and we'd always end the fight at a negative note. The next day I'd start talking to her again and the cycle goes on and on. CS:GO is the equivalent to an abusive relationship. 10/10 would recommend just because being ontop feels pretty good in this game.If CS:GO was a girl. I'd date her, and  her a lot. Then after that get frusterated because of things she does that doesn't make sense but still be with her. Then we'd have sex again. When we're in bed I'd be killin' it ontop, but when she's ontop I just absolutely hate it as she dominates me. After that we'd get into a fight about who was better that round and we'd always end the fight at a negative note. The next day I'd start talking to her again and the cycle goes on and on. CS:GO is the equivalent to an abusive relationship. 10/10 would recommend just because being ontop feels pretty good in this game.If CS:GO was a girl. I'd date her, and  her a lot. Then after that get frusterated because of things she does that doesn't make sense but still be with her. Then we'd have sex again. When we're in bed I'd be killin' it ontop, but when she's ontop I just absolutely hate it as she dominates me. After that we'd get into a fight about who was better that round and we'd always end the fight at a negative note. The next day I'd start talking to her again and the cycle goes on and on. CS:GO is the equivalent to an abusive relationship. 10/10 would recommend just because being ontop feels pretty good in this game.If CS:GO was a girl. I'd date her, and  her a lot. Then after that get frusterated because of things she does that doesn't make sense but still be with her. Then we'd have sex again. When we're in bed I'd be killin' it ontop, but when she's ontop I just absolutely hate it as she dominates me. After that we'd get into a fight about who was better that round and we'd always end the fight at a negative note. The next day I'd start talking to her again and the cycle goes on and on. CS:GO is the equivalent to an abusive relationship. 10/10 would recommend just because being ontop feels pretty good in this game.If CS:GO was a girl. I'd date her, and  her a lot. Then after that get frusterated because of things she does that doesn't make sense but still be with her. Then we'd have sex again. When we're in bed I'd be killin' it ontop, but when she's ontop I just absolutely hate it as she dominates me. After that we'd get into a fight about who was better that round and we'd always end the fight at a negative note. The next day I'd start talking to her again and the cycle goes on and on. CS:GO is the equivalent to an abusive relationship. 10/10 would recommend just because being ontop feels pretty good in this game.If CS:GO was a girl. I'd date her, and  her a lot. Then after that get frusterated because of things she does that doesn't make sense but still be with her. Then we'd have sex again. When we're in bed I'd be killin' it ontop, but when she's ontop I just absolutely hate it as she dominates me. After that we'd get into a fight about who was better that round and we'd always end the fight at a negative note. The next day I'd start talking to her again and the cycle goes on and on. CS:GO is the equivalent to an abusive relationship. 10/10 would recommend just because being ontop feels pretty good in this game.If CS:GO was a girl. I'd date her, and  her a lot. Then after that get frusterated because of things she does that doesn't make sense but still be with her. Then we'd have sex again. When we're in bed I'd be killin' it ontop, but when she's ontop I just absolutely hate it as she dominates me. After that we'd get into a fight about who was better that round and we'd always end the fight at a negative note. The next day I'd start talking to her again and the cycle goes on and on. CS:GO is the equivalent to an abusive relationship. 10/10 would recommend just because being ontop feels pretty good in this game.If CS:GO was a girl. I'd date her, and  her a lot. Then after that get frusterated because of things she does that doesn't make sense but still be with her. Then we'd have sex again. When we're in bed I'd be killin' it ontop, but when she's ontop I just absolutely hate it as she dominates me. After that we'd get into a fight about who was better that round and we'd always end the fight at a negative note. The next day I'd start talking to her again and the cycle goes on and on. CS:GO is the equivalent to an abusive relationship. 10/10 would recommend just because being ontop feels pretty good in this game.

I can't aim 5 thumbs upI can't aim 5 thumbs upI can't aim 5 thumbs upI can't aim 5 thumbs upI can't aim 5 thumbs upI can't aim 5 thumbs upI can't aim 5 thumbs upI can't aim 5 thumbs upI can't aim 5 thumbs upI can't aim 5 thumbs up

PLEASE READ BEFORE VOTING THIS DOWN
I cannot recommend it because this game destroys people. It's a good game but at a terrible cost.
No, Im not some anti-gaming freak, I love games.
But truth said, this is a great game, but it will kill you inside.
Matchmaking is well made so you usually get paired with equal to average of your team.
When it's easy and you wreck havoc, it's too easy, boring, unsatisfying.
If it's challenging and hard, or you're loosing, you keep worrying about your stats, skill and rank.
You are either bored and dissatisfied or stressed and angry. Either at yourself or the rest of your team(that other happens more often).
If you live in europe, this game will only make you racist. You will hate on every person that cannot speak english or your very own language for not being able to communicate with you, or refusing to communicate with you.
Maybe at first you wont experience all that by playing casual where people usually don't care, but once you try competetive, you look at casual with disgust.
The better you get, the more hateful towards other players you will be. You will not remember how bad you used to be, you will hate all the noobs, skrubs and casuals. You will judge people by their skins, weapons of choice and headshot ratio. Everyone you dislike will be labeled as cheater.
Where is the fun in all this, I ask? You can be proud of yourself when you win, or survive in an action where you were meant to die, but each and every accomplishment you'll get will make you crave for more, and at one point you won't feel much from winning, but you will feel a lot from losing.PLEASE READ BEFORE VOTING THIS DOWN
I cannot recommend it because this game destroys people. It's a good game but at a terrible cost.
No, Im not some anti-gaming freak, I love games.
But truth said, this is a great game, but it will kill you inside.
Matchmaking is well made so you usually get paired with equal to average of your team.
When it's easy and you wreck havoc, it's too easy, boring, unsatisfying.
If it's challenging and hard, or you're loosing, you keep worrying about your stats, skill and rank.
You are either bored and dissatisfied or stressed and angry. Either at yourself or the rest of your team(that other happens more often).
If you live in europe, this game will only make you racist. You will hate on every person that cannot speak english or your very own language for not being able to communicate with you, or refusing to communicate with you.
Maybe at first you wont experience all that by playing casual where people usually don't care, but once you try competetive, you look at casual with disgust.
The better you get, the more hateful towards other players you will be. You will not remember how bad you used to be, you will hate all the noobs, skrubs and casuals. You will judge people by their skins, weapons of choice and headshot ratio. Everyone you dislike will be labeled as cheater.
Where is the fun in all this, I ask? You can be proud of yourself when you win, or survive in an action where you were meant to die, but each and every accomplishment you'll get will make you crave for more, and at one point you won't feel much from winning, but you will feel a lot from losing.PLEASE READ BEFORE VOTING THIS DOWN
I cannot recommend it because this game destroys people. It's a good game but at a terrible cost.
No, Im not some anti-gaming freak, I love games.
But truth said, this is a great game, but it will kill you inside.
Matchmaking is well made so you usually get paired with equal to average of your team.
When it's easy and you wreck havoc, it's too easy, boring, unsatisfying.
If it's challenging and hard, or you're loosing, you keep worrying about your stats, skill and rank.
You are either bored and dissatisfied or stressed and angry. Either at yourself or the rest of your team(that other happens more often).
If you live in europe, this game will only make you racist. You will hate on every person that cannot speak english or your very own language for not being able to communicate with you, or refusing to communicate with you.
Maybe at first you wont experience all that by playing casual where people usually don't care, but once you try competetive, you look at casual with disgust.
The better you get, the more hateful towards other players you will be. You will not remember how bad you used to be, you will hate all the noobs, skrubs and casuals. You will judge people by their skins, weapons of choice and headshot ratio. Everyone you dislike will be labeled as cheater.
Where is the fun in all this, I ask? You can be proud of yourself when you win, or survive in an action where you were meant to die, but each and every accomplishment you'll get will make you crave for more, and at one point you won't feel much from winning, but you will feel a lot from losing.PLEASE READ BEFORE VOTING THIS DOWN
I cannot recommend it because this game destroys people. It's a good game but at a terrible cost.
No, Im not some anti-gaming freak, I love games.
But truth said, this is a great game, but it will kill you inside.
Matchmaking is well made so you usually get paired with equal to average of your team.
When it's easy and you wreck havoc, it's too easy, boring, unsatisfying.
If it's challenging and hard, or you're loosing, you keep worrying about your stats, skill and rank.
You are either bored and dissatisfied or stressed and angry. Either at yourself or the rest of your team(that other happens more often).
If you live in europe, this game will only make you racist. You will hate on every person that cannot speak english or your very own language for not being able to communicate with you, or refusing to communicate with you.
Maybe at first you wont experience all that by playing casual where people usually don't care, but once you try competetive, you look at casual with disgust.
The better you get, the more hateful towards other players you will be. You will not remember how bad you used to be, you will hate all the noobs, skrubs and casuals. You will judge people by their skins, weapons of choice and headshot ratio. Everyone you dislike will be labeled as cheater.
Where is the fun in all this, I ask? You can be proud of yourself when you win, or survive in an action where you were meant to die, but each and every accomplishment you'll get will make you crave for more, and at one point you won't feel much from winning, but you will feel a lot from losing.PLEASE READ BEFORE VOTING THIS DOWN
I cannot recommend it because this game destroys people. It's a good game but at a terrible cost.
No, Im not some anti-gaming freak, I love games.
But truth said, this is a great game, but it will kill you inside.
Matchmaking is well made so you usually get paired with equal to average of your team.
When it's easy and you wreck havoc, it's too easy, boring, unsatisfying.
If it's challenging and hard, or you're loosing, you keep worrying about your stats, skill and rank.
You are either bored and dissatisfied or stressed and angry. Either at yourself or the rest of your team(that other happens more often).
If you live in europe, this game will only make you racist. You will hate on every person that cannot speak english or your very own language for not being able to communicate with you, or refusing to communicate with you.
Maybe at first you wont experience all that by playing casual where people usually don't care, but once you try competetive, you look at casual with disgust.
The better you get, the more hateful towards other players you will be. You will not remember how bad you used to be, you will hate all the noobs, skrubs and casuals. You will judge people by their skins, weapons of choice and headshot ratio. Everyone you dislike will be labeled as cheater.
Where is the fun in all this, I ask? You can be proud of yourself when you win, or survive in an action where you were meant to die, but each and every accomplishment you'll get will make you crave for more, and at one point you won't feel much from winning, but you will feel a lot from losing.PLEASE READ BEFORE VOTING THIS DOWN
I cannot recommend it because this game destroys people. It's a good game but at a terrible cost.
No, Im not some anti-gaming freak, I love games.
But truth said, this is a great game, but it will kill you inside.
Matchmaking is well made so you usually get paired with equal to average of your team.
When it's easy and you wreck havoc, it's too easy, boring, unsatisfying.
If it's challenging and hard, or you're loosing, you keep worrying about your stats, skill and rank.
You are either bored and dissatisfied or stressed and angry. Either at yourself or the rest of your team(that other happens more often).
If you live in europe, this game will only make you racist. You will hate on every person that cannot speak english or your very own language for not being able to communicate with you, or refusing to communicate with you.
Maybe at first you wont experience all that by playing casual where people usually don't care, but once you try competetive, you look at casual with disgust.
The better you get, the more hateful towards other players you will be. You will not remember how bad you used to be, you will hate all the noobs, skrubs and casuals. You will judge people by their skins, weapons of choice and headshot ratio. Everyone you dislike will be labeled as cheater.
Where is the fun in all this, I ask? You can be proud of yourself when you win, or survive in an action where you were meant to die, but each and every accomplishment you'll get will make you crave for more, and at one point you won't feel much from winning, but you will feel a lot from losing.PLEASE READ BEFORE VOTING THIS DOWN
I cannot recommend it because this game destroys people. It's a good game but at a terrible cost.
No, Im not some anti-gaming freak, I love games.
But truth said, this is a great game, but it will kill you inside.
Matchmaking is well made so you usually get paired with equal to average of your team.
When it's easy and you wreck havoc, it's too easy, boring, unsatisfying.
If it's challenging and hard, or you're loosing, you keep worrying about your stats, skill and rank.
You are either bored and dissatisfied or stressed and angry. Either at yourself or the rest of your team(that other happens more often).
If you live in europe, this game will only make you racist. You will hate on every person that cannot speak english or your very own language for not being able to communicate with you, or refusing to communicate with you.
Maybe at first you wont experience all that by playing casual where people usually don't care, but once you try competetive, you look at casual with disgust.
The better you get, the more hateful towards other players you will be. You will not remember how bad you used to be, you will hate all the noobs, skrubs and casuals. You will judge people by their skins, weapons of choice and headshot ratio. Everyone you dislike will be labeled as cheater.
Where is the fun in all this, I ask? You can be proud of yourself when you win, or survive in an action where you were meant to die, but each and every accomplishment you'll get will make you crave for more, and at one point you won't feel much from winning, but you will feel a lot from losing.PLEASE READ BEFORE VOTING THIS DOWN
I cannot recommend it because this game destroys people. It's a good game but at a terrible cost.
No, Im not some anti-gaming freak, I love games.
But truth said, this is a great game, but it will kill you inside.
Matchmaking is well made so you usually get paired with equal to average of your team.
When it's easy and you wreck havoc, it's too easy, boring, unsatisfying.
If it's challenging and hard, or you're loosing, you keep worrying about your stats, skill and rank.
You are either bored and dissatisfied or stressed and angry. Either at yourself or the rest of your team(that other happens more often).
If you live in europe, this game will only make you racist. You will hate on every person that cannot speak english or your very own language for not being able to communicate with you, or refusing to communicate with you.
Maybe at first you wont experience all that by playing casual where people usually don't care, but once you try competetive, you look at casual with disgust.
The better you get, the more hateful towards other players you will be. You will not remember how bad you used to be, you will hate all the noobs, skrubs and casuals. You will judge people by their skins, weapons of choice and headshot ratio. Everyone you dislike will be labeled as cheater.
Where is the fun in all this, I ask? You can be proud of yourself when you win, or survive in an action where you were meant to die, but each and every accomplishment you'll get will make you crave for more, and at one point you won't feel much from winning, but you will feel a lot from losing.PLEASE READ BEFORE VOTING THIS DOWN
I cannot recommend it because this game destroys people. It's a good game but at a terrible cost.
No, Im not some anti-gaming freak, I love games.
But truth said, this is a great game, but it will kill you inside.
Matchmaking is well made so you usually get paired with equal to average of your team.
When it's easy and you wreck havoc, it's too easy, boring, unsatisfying.
If it's challenging and hard, or you're loosing, you keep worrying about your stats, skill and rank.
You are either bored and dissatisfied or stressed and angry. Either at yourself or the rest of your team(that other happens more often).
If you live in europe, this game will only make you racist. You will hate on every person that cannot speak english or your very own language for not being able to communicate with you, or refusing to communicate with you.
Maybe at first you wont experience all that by playing casual where people usually don't care, but once you try competetive, you look at casual with disgust.
The better you get, the more hateful towards other players you will be. You will not remember how bad you used to be, you will hate all the noobs, skrubs and casuals. You will judge people by their skins, weapons of choice and headshot ratio. Everyone you dislike will be labeled as cheater.
Where is the fun in all this, I ask? You can be proud of yourself when you win, or survive in an action where you were meant to die, but each and every accomplishment you'll get will make you crave for more, and at one point you won't feel much from winning, but you will feel a lot from losing.PLEASE READ BEFORE VOTING THIS DOWN
I cannot recommend it because this game destroys people. It's a good game but at a terrible cost.
No, Im not some anti-gaming freak, I love games.
But truth said, this is a great game, but it will kill you inside.
Matchmaking is well made so you usually get paired with equal to average of your team.
When it's easy and you wreck havoc, it's too easy, boring, unsatisfying.
If it's challenging and hard, or you're loosing, you keep worrying about your stats, skill and rank.
You are either bored and dissatisfied or stressed and angry. Either at yourself or the rest of your team(that other happens more often).
If you live in europe, this game will only make you racist. You will hate on every person that cannot speak english or your very own language for not being able to communicate with you, or refusing to communicate with you.
Maybe at first you wont experience all that by playing casual where people usually don't care, but once you try competetive, you look at casual with disgust.
The better you get, the more hateful towards other players you will be. You will not remember how bad you used to be, you will hate all the noobs, skrubs and casuals. You will judge people by their skins, weapons of choice and headshot ratio. Everyone you dislike will be labeled as cheater.
Where is the fun in all this, I ask? You can be proud of yourself when you win, or survive in an action where you were meant to die, but each and every accomplishment you'll get will make you crave for more, and at one point you won't feel much from winning, but you will feel a lot from losing.

It has been a year i'm playing this game. A lot of fun playing this game with my friends, also getting a new friends because of this game. But it was a years ago, untill the new update making the MM become sucks. I dont know why, but its like the V.A.C Security is so weak now adays, i meet a lot of cheaters, wallers, aimbot out there without getting banned. Seen so much overwatch replay that contain a lot of reported hacker waiting to be punished but none of them get punished soon.

I do want to recommend this game, but today, i think there's no need to buy this game anymore, its like you just spend your $15 for meeting a cheater in MM.It has been a year i'm playing this game. A lot of fun playing this game with my friends, also getting a new friends because of this game. But it was a years ago, untill the new update making the MM become sucks. I dont know why, but its like the V.A.C Security is so weak now adays, i meet a lot of cheaters, wallers, aimbot out there without getting banned. Seen so much overwatch replay that contain a lot of reported hacker waiting to be punished but none of them get punished soon.

I do want to recommend this game, but today, i think there's no need to buy this game anymore, its like you just spend your $15 for meeting a cheater in MM.It has been a year i'm playing this game. A lot of fun playing this game with my friends, also getting a new friends because of this game. But it was a years ago, untill the new update making the MM become sucks. I dont know why, but its like the V.A.C Security is so weak now adays, i meet a lot of cheaters, wallers, aimbot out there without getting banned. Seen so much overwatch replay that contain a lot of reported hacker waiting to be punished but none of them get punished soon.

I do want to recommend this game, but today, i think there's no need to buy this game anymore, its like you just spend your $15 for meeting a cheater in MM.It has been a year i'm playing this game. A lot of fun playing this game with my friends, also getting a new friends because of this game. But it was a years ago, untill the new update making the MM become sucks. I dont know why, but its like the V.A.C Security is so weak now adays, i meet a lot of cheaters, wallers, aimbot out there without getting banned. Seen so much overwatch replay that contain a lot of reported hacker waiting to be punished but none of them get punished soon.

I do want to recommend this game, but today, i think there's no need to buy this game anymore, its like you just spend your $15 for meeting a cheater in MM.It has been a year i'm playing this game. A lot of fun playing this game with my friends, also getting a new friends because of this game. But it was a years ago, untill the new update making the MM become sucks. I dont know why, but its like the V.A.C Security is so weak now adays, i meet a lot of cheaters, wallers, aimbot out there without getting banned. Seen so much overwatch replay that contain a lot of reported hacker waiting to be punished but none of them get punished soon.

I do want to recommend this game, but today, i think there's no need to buy this game anymore, its like you just spend your $15 for meeting a cheater in MM.It has been a year i'm playing this game. A lot of fun playing this game with my friends, also getting a new friends because of this game. But it was a years ago, untill the new update making the MM become sucks. I dont know why, but its like the V.A.C Security is so weak now adays, i meet a lot of cheaters, wallers, aimbot out there without getting banned. Seen so much overwatch replay that contain a lot of reported hacker waiting to be punished but none of them get punished soon.

I do want to recommend this game, but today, i think there's no need to buy this game anymore, its like you just spend your $15 for meeting a cheater in MM.It has been a year i'm playing this game. A lot of fun playing this game with my friends, also getting a new friends because of this game. But it was a years ago, untill the new update making the MM become sucks. I dont know why, but its like the V.A.C Security is so weak now adays, i meet a lot of cheaters, wallers, aimbot out there without getting banned. Seen so much overwatch replay that contain a lot of reported hacker waiting to be punished but none of them get punished soon.

I do want to recommend this game, but today, i think there's no need to buy this game anymore, its like you just spend your $15 for meeting a cheater in MM.It has been a year i'm playing this game. A lot of fun playing this game with my friends, also getting a new friends because of this game. But it was a years ago, untill the new update making the MM become sucks. I dont know why, but its like the V.A.C Security is so weak now adays, i meet a lot of cheaters, wallers, aimbot out there without getting banned. Seen so much overwatch replay that contain a lot of reported hacker waiting to be punished but none of them get punished soon.

I do want to recommend this game, but today, i think there's no need to buy this game anymore, its like you just spend your $15 for meeting a cheater in MM.It has been a year i'm playing this game. A lot of fun playing this game with my friends, also getting a new friends because of this game. But it was a years ago, untill the new update making the MM become sucks. I dont know why, but its like the V.A.C Security is so weak now adays, i meet a lot of cheaters, wallers, aimbot out there without getting banned. Seen so much overwatch replay that contain a lot of reported hacker waiting to be punished but none of them get punished soon.

I do want to recommend this game, but today, i think there's no need to buy this game anymore, its like you just spend your $15 for meeting a cheater in MM.It has been a year i'm playing this game. A lot of fun playing this game with my friends, also getting a new friends because of this game. But it was a years ago, untill the new update making the MM become sucks. I dont know why, but its like the V.A.C Security is so weak now adays, i meet a lot of cheaters, wallers, aimbot out there without getting banned. Seen so much overwatch replay that contain a lot of reported hacker waiting to be punished but none of them get punished soon.

I do want to recommend this game, but today, i think there's no need to buy this game anymore, its like you just spend your $15 for meeting a cheater in MM.

lleyo evyrran.
today ill let you know that cs is a gud game with highly skilld people ( like me and my lads )
we like to play cs a lot but sometimes we get mad because the other team is better than us...
this is very rough and we call them cheaters to justify that people cant be better than us.
I sometimes break my table but its ok, my mammy always gets me stuff so im good.
I also break other things, but i still get new stuff.
Best way to play this game is if you take a walk then do some squads and then proceed to play a little bit of deathmatch where you can hear grim russians talking a little bit of blyat language.
This is also a very good start of the day to me. I love spamming with radio commands to the point where my team tries to kick me, sadly they cant. I always play with a lad who is always there to back me up, and he always votes no so i keep on spamming radio commands!
Sometimes i dont play too good but its okay i just play the next day.
i like to use the sniper Ayy double you Pee <3 becauase back in the good olde days i used to play mw2 where i was a professional amateur quickscoper.
There is also guns like the ak but i dont like that because the bullets go up and thats not fun for me when i shoot.
i haf ben playing a little bit of cs for a while and im actually global max rank.
Sometimes i get happy when i derank cuz then i can rank up again and you get very happy when you rank back up!
this game is very gud if you like to meet new people and exploit other cultures cs is the game for you.
ddust 2 is a good map that you should play all the time!

i luv cs goOooooO

 dots and commas you can put em your self if you need it.lleyo evyrran.
today ill let you know that cs is a gud game with highly skilld people ( like me and my lads )
we like to play cs a lot but sometimes we get mad because the other team is better than us...
this is very rough and we call them cheaters to justify that people cant be better than us.
I sometimes break my table but its ok, my mammy always gets me stuff so im good.
I also break other things, but i still get new stuff.
Best way to play this game is if you take a walk then do some squads and then proceed to play a little bit of deathmatch where you can hear grim russians talking a little bit of blyat language.
This is also a very good start of the day to me. I love spamming with radio commands to the point where my team tries to kick me, sadly they cant. I always play with a lad who is always there to back me up, and he always votes no so i keep on spamming radio commands!
Sometimes i dont play too good but its okay i just play the next day.
i like to use the sniper Ayy double you Pee <3 becauase back in the good olde days i used to play mw2 where i was a professional amateur quickscoper.
There is also guns like the ak but i dont like that because the bullets go up and thats not fun for me when i shoot.
i haf ben playing a little bit of cs for a while and im actually global max rank.
Sometimes i get happy when i derank cuz then i can rank up again and you get very happy when you rank back up!
this game is very gud if you like to meet new people and exploit other cultures cs is the game for you.
ddust 2 is a good map that you should play all the time!

i luv cs goOooooO

 dots and commas you can put em your self if you need it.lleyo evyrran.
today ill let you know that cs is a gud game with highly skilld people ( like me and my lads )
we like to play cs a lot but sometimes we get mad because the other team is better than us...
this is very rough and we call them cheaters to justify that people cant be better than us.
I sometimes break my table but its ok, my mammy always gets me stuff so im good.
I also break other things, but i still get new stuff.
Best way to play this game is if you take a walk then do some squads and then proceed to play a little bit of deathmatch where you can hear grim russians talking a little bit of blyat language.
This is also a very good start of the day to me. I love spamming with radio commands to the point where my team tries to kick me, sadly they cant. I always play with a lad who is always there to back me up, and he always votes no so i keep on spamming radio commands!
Sometimes i dont play too good but its okay i just play the next day.
i like to use the sniper Ayy double you Pee <3 becauase back in the good olde days i used to play mw2 where i was a professional amateur quickscoper.
There is also guns like the ak but i dont like that because the bullets go up and thats not fun for me when i shoot.
i haf ben playing a little bit of cs for a while and im actually global max rank.
Sometimes i get happy when i derank cuz then i can rank up again and you get very happy when you rank back up!
this game is very gud if you like to meet new people and exploit other cultures cs is the game for you.
ddust 2 is a good map that you should play all the time!

i luv cs goOooooO

 dots and commas you can put em your self if you need it.lleyo evyrran.
today ill let you know that cs is a gud game with highly skilld people ( like me and my lads )
we like to play cs a lot but sometimes we get mad because the other team is better than us...
this is very rough and we call them cheaters to justify that people cant be better than us.
I sometimes break my table but its ok, my mammy always gets me stuff so im good.
I also break other things, but i still get new stuff.
Best way to play this game is if you take a walk then do some squads and then proceed to play a little bit of deathmatch where you can hear grim russians talking a little bit of blyat language.
This is also a very good start of the day to me. I love spamming with radio commands to the point where my team tries to kick me, sadly they cant. I always play with a lad who is always there to back me up, and he always votes no so i keep on spamming radio commands!
Sometimes i dont play too good but its okay i just play the next day.
i like to use the sniper Ayy double you Pee <3 becauase back in the good olde days i used to play mw2 where i was a professional amateur quickscoper.
There is also guns like the ak but i dont like that because the bullets go up and thats not fun for me when i shoot.
i haf ben playing a little bit of cs for a while and im actually global max rank.
Sometimes i get happy when i derank cuz then i can rank up again and you get very happy when you rank back up!
this game is very gud if you like to meet new people and exploit other cultures cs is the game for you.
ddust 2 is a good map that you should play all the time!

i luv cs goOooooO

 dots and commas you can put em your self if you need it.lleyo evyrran.
today ill let you know that cs is a gud game with highly skilld people ( like me and my lads )
we like to play cs a lot but sometimes we get mad because the other team is better than us...
this is very rough and we call them cheaters to justify that people cant be better than us.
I sometimes break my table but its ok, my mammy always gets me stuff so im good.
I also break other things, but i still get new stuff.
Best way to play this game is if you take a walk then do some squads and then proceed to play a little bit of deathmatch where you can hear grim russians talking a little bit of blyat language.
This is also a very good start of the day to me. I love spamming with radio commands to the point where my team tries to kick me, sadly they cant. I always play with a lad who is always there to back me up, and he always votes no so i keep on spamming radio commands!
Sometimes i dont play too good but its okay i just play the next day.
i like to use the sniper Ayy double you Pee <3 becauase back in the good olde days i used to play mw2 where i was a professional amateur quickscoper.
There is also guns like the ak but i dont like that because the bullets go up and thats not fun for me when i shoot.
i haf ben playing a little bit of cs for a while and im actually global max rank.
Sometimes i get happy when i derank cuz then i can rank up again and you get very happy when you rank back up!
this game is very gud if you like to meet new people and exploit other cultures cs is the game for you.
ddust 2 is a good map that you should play all the time!

i luv cs goOooooO

 dots and commas you can put em your self if you need it.lleyo evyrran.
today ill let you know that cs is a gud game with highly skilld people ( like me and my lads )
we like to play cs a lot but sometimes we get mad because the other team is better than us...
this is very rough and we call them cheaters to justify that people cant be better than us.
I sometimes break my table but its ok, my mammy always gets me stuff so im good.
I also break other things, but i still get new stuff.
Best way to play this game is if you take a walk then do some squads and then proceed to play a little bit of deathmatch where you can hear grim russians talking a little bit of blyat language.
This is also a very good start of the day to me. I love spamming with radio commands to the point where my team tries to kick me, sadly they cant. I always play with a lad who is always there to back me up, and he always votes no so i keep on spamming radio commands!
Sometimes i dont play too good but its okay i just play the next day.
i like to use the sniper Ayy double you Pee <3 becauase back in the good olde days i used to play mw2 where i was a professional amateur quickscoper.
There is also guns like the ak but i dont like that because the bullets go up and thats not fun for me when i shoot.
i haf ben playing a little bit of cs for a while and im actually global max rank.
Sometimes i get happy when i derank cuz then i can rank up again and you get very happy when you rank back up!
this game is very gud if you like to meet new people and exploit other cultures cs is the game for you.
ddust 2 is a good map that you should play all the time!

i luv cs goOooooO

 dots and commas you can put em your self if you need it.lleyo evyrran.
today ill let you know that cs is a gud game with highly skilld people ( like me and my lads )
we like to play cs a lot but sometimes we get mad because the other team is better than us...
this is very rough and we call them cheaters to justify that people cant be better than us.
I sometimes break my table but its ok, my mammy always gets me stuff so im good.
I also break other things, but i still get new stuff.
Best way to play this game is if you take a walk then do some squads and then proceed to play a little bit of deathmatch where you can hear grim russians talking a little bit of blyat language.
This is also a very good start of the day to me. I love spamming with radio commands to the point where my team tries to kick me, sadly they cant. I always play with a lad who is always there to back me up, and he always votes no so i keep on spamming radio commands!
Sometimes i dont play too good but its okay i just play the next day.
i like to use the sniper Ayy double you Pee <3 becauase back in the good olde days i used to play mw2 where i was a professional amateur quickscoper.
There is also guns like the ak but i dont like that because the bullets go up and thats not fun for me when i shoot.
i haf ben playing a little bit of cs for a while and im actually global max rank.
Sometimes i get happy when i derank cuz then i can rank up again and you get very happy when you rank back up!
this game is very gud if you like to meet new people and exploit other cultures cs is the game for you.
ddust 2 is a good map that you should play all the time!

i luv cs goOooooO

 dots and commas you can put em your self if you need it.lleyo evyrran.
today ill let you know that cs is a gud game with highly skilld people ( like me and my lads )
we like to play cs a lot but sometimes we get mad because the other team is better than us...
this is very rough and we call them cheaters to justify that people cant be better than us.
I sometimes break my table but its ok, my mammy always gets me stuff so im good.
I also break other things, but i still get new stuff.
Best way to play this game is if you take a walk then do some squads and then proceed to play a little bit of deathmatch where you can hear grim russians talking a little bit of blyat language.
This is also a very good start of the day to me. I love spamming with radio commands to the point where my team tries to kick me, sadly they cant. I always play with a lad who is always there to back me up, and he always votes no so i keep on spamming radio commands!
Sometimes i dont play too good but its okay i just play the next day.
i like to use the sniper Ayy double you Pee <3 becauase back in the good olde days i used to play mw2 where i was a professional amateur quickscoper.
There is also guns like the ak but i dont like that because the bullets go up and thats not fun for me when i shoot.
i haf ben playing a little bit of cs for a while and im actually global max rank.
Sometimes i get happy when i derank cuz then i can rank up again and you get very happy when you rank back up!
this game is very gud if you like to meet new people and exploit other cultures cs is the game for you.
ddust 2 is a good map that you should play all the time!

i luv cs goOooooO

 dots and commas you can put em your self if you need it.lleyo evyrran.
today ill let you know that cs is a gud game with highly skilld people ( like me and my lads )
we like to play cs a lot but sometimes we get mad because the other team is better than us...
this is very rough and we call them cheaters to justify that people cant be better than us.
I sometimes break my table but its ok, my mammy always gets me stuff so im good.
I also break other things, but i still get new stuff.
Best way to play this game is if you take a walk then do some squads and then proceed to play a little bit of deathmatch where you can hear grim russians talking a little bit of blyat language.
This is also a very good start of the day to me. I love spamming with radio commands to the point where my team tries to kick me, sadly they cant. I always play with a lad who is always there to back me up, and he always votes no so i keep on spamming radio commands!
Sometimes i dont play too good but its okay i just play the next day.
i like to use the sniper Ayy double you Pee <3 becauase back in the good olde days i used to play mw2 where i was a professional amateur quickscoper.
There is also guns like the ak but i dont like that because the bullets go up and thats not fun for me when i shoot.
i haf ben playing a little bit of cs for a while and im actually global max rank.
Sometimes i get happy when i derank cuz then i can rank up again and you get very happy when you rank back up!
this game is very gud if you like to meet new people and exploit other cultures cs is the game for you.
ddust 2 is a good map that you should play all the time!

i luv cs goOooooO

 dots and commas you can put em your self if you need it.lleyo evyrran.
today ill let you know that cs is a gud game with highly skilld people ( like me and my lads )
we like to play cs a lot but sometimes we get mad because the other team is better than us...
this is very rough and we call them cheaters to justify that people cant be better than us.
I sometimes break my table but its ok, my mammy always gets me stuff so im good.
I also break other things, but i still get new stuff.
Best way to play this game is if you take a walk then do some squads and then proceed to play a little bit of deathmatch where you can hear grim russians talking a little bit of blyat language.
This is also a very good start of the day to me. I love spamming with radio commands to the point where my team tries to kick me, sadly they cant. I always play with a lad who is always there to back me up, and he always votes no so i keep on spamming radio commands!
Sometimes i dont play too good but its okay i just play the next day.
i like to use the sniper Ayy double you Pee <3 becauase back in the good olde days i used to play mw2 where i was a professional amateur quickscoper.
There is also guns like the ak but i dont like that because the bullets go up and thats not fun for me when i shoot.
i haf ben playing a little bit of cs for a while and im actually global max rank.
Sometimes i get happy when i derank cuz then i can rank up again and you get very happy when you rank back up!
this game is very gud if you like to meet new people and exploit other cultures cs is the game for you.
ddust 2 is a good map that you should play all the time!

i luv cs goOooooO

 dots and commas you can put em your self if you need it.

Unplayable since the last updateUnplayable since the last updateUnplayable since the last updateUnplayable since the last updateUnplayable since the last updateUnplayable since the last updateUnplayable since the last updateUnplayable since the last updateUnplayable since the last updateUnplayable since the last update

After 600+  hours of playing the game, Valve decided to add a f@cking revolver and change the spray accuracy' of m4 and ak-47! Not only that but the Revolver is the most powerful weapon in the game! While the awp can get 4 players with 1 bullet in the headAfter 600+  hours of playing the game, Valve decided to add a f@cking revolver and change the spray accuracy' of m4 and ak-47! Not only that but the Revolver is the most powerful weapon in the game! While the awp can get 4 players with 1 bullet in the headAfter 600+  hours of playing the game, Valve decided to add a f@cking revolver and change the spray accuracy' of m4 and ak-47! Not only that but the Revolver is the most powerful weapon in the game! While the awp can get 4 players with 1 bullet in the headAfter 600+  hours of playing the game, Valve decided to add a f@cking revolver and change the spray accuracy' of m4 and ak-47! Not only that but the Revolver is the most powerful weapon in the game! While the awp can get 4 players with 1 bullet in the headAfter 600+  hours of playing the game, Valve decided to add a f@cking revolver and change the spray accuracy' of m4 and ak-47! Not only that but the Revolver is the most powerful weapon in the game! While the awp can get 4 players with 1 bullet in the headAfter 600+  hours of playing the game, Valve decided to add a f@cking revolver and change the spray accuracy' of m4 and ak-47! Not only that but the Revolver is the most powerful weapon in the game! While the awp can get 4 players with 1 bullet in the headAfter 600+  hours of playing the game, Valve decided to add a f@cking revolver and change the spray accuracy' of m4 and ak-47! Not only that but the Revolver is the most powerful weapon in the game! While the awp can get 4 players with 1 bullet in the headAfter 600+  hours of playing the game, Valve decided to add a f@cking revolver and change the spray accuracy' of m4 and ak-47! Not only that but the Revolver is the most powerful weapon in the game! While the awp can get 4 players with 1 bullet in the headAfter 600+  hours of playing the game, Valve decided to add a f@cking revolver and change the spray accuracy' of m4 and ak-47! Not only that but the Revolver is the most powerful weapon in the game! While the awp can get 4 players with 1 bullet in the headAfter 600+  hours of playing the game, Valve decided to add a f@cking revolver and change the spray accuracy' of m4 and ak-47! Not only that but the Revolver is the most powerful weapon in the game! While the awp can get 4 players with 1 bullet in the head

I still suck.I still suck.I still suck.I still suck.I still suck.I still suck.I still suck.I still suck.I still suck.I still suck.

Counter-Strike: Local offensive
No longer Global"

#RipROW"Counter-Strike: Local offensive
No longer Global"

#RipROW"Counter-Strike: Local offensive
No longer Global"

#RipROW"Counter-Strike: Local offensive
No longer Global"

#RipROW"Counter-Strike: Local offensive
No longer Global"

#RipROW"Counter-Strike: Local offensive
No longer Global"

#RipROW"Counter-Strike: Local offensive
No longer Global"

#RipROW"Counter-Strike: Local offensive
No longer Global"

#RipROW"Counter-Strike: Local offensive
No longer Global"

#RipROW"Counter-Strike: Local offensive
No longer Global"

#RipROW"

Its been 3 years sinc Im playing this game and following pro scene very closly. I guess, its time for a very short review.

Heads up to the community for making Counter Strike as one of the biggest e-sports titles again.

But if anything else - this game is pretty big pile of crap. IIRC, its march 2014, sinc development of this game is going only downhill trajectory (CZ-75 update it is). Not only swallowing up updetes has been painful, but also watching how problems arent adressed for yeras. But when volvo try to take care of issue, you can be shure that it will be one step in the right direction and atleast 3 steps backwards (ladders and hitboxes, sound, etc.). Eventually picture makes sense - brain cell non existence of humanity has been taken to whole new level.

In the end there was only one ingredient that was necesasry. Despite about feeling that this game is more like skin simulator with jackpots and betting sites within past year or so, volvo did two things right - skins and micropayments. Without necessary evil Counter Strike would be alive in 2016? Not so sure.

Nonethless about game itself, its been amazing years together with pro scene, lets hope that one day this game will become a truly great e-sports title and in 2016 it will not be destroyed by someones greed and careless, because with todays features this game have potential atleast to be as good as Counter Strike 1.6 still is.Its been 3 years sinc Im playing this game and following pro scene very closly. I guess, its time for a very short review.

Heads up to the community for making Counter Strike as one of the biggest e-sports titles again.

But if anything else - this game is pretty big pile of crap. IIRC, its march 2014, sinc development of this game is going only downhill trajectory (CZ-75 update it is). Not only swallowing up updetes has been painful, but also watching how problems arent adressed for yeras. But when volvo try to take care of issue, you can be shure that it will be one step in the right direction and atleast 3 steps backwards (ladders and hitboxes, sound, etc.). Eventually picture makes sense - brain cell non existence of humanity has been taken to whole new level.

In the end there was only one ingredient that was necesasry. Despite about feeling that this game is more like skin simulator with jackpots and betting sites within past year or so, volvo did two things right - skins and micropayments. Without necessary evil Counter Strike would be alive in 2016? Not so sure.

Nonethless about game itself, its been amazing years together with pro scene, lets hope that one day this game will become a truly great e-sports title and in 2016 it will not be destroyed by someones greed and careless, because with todays features this game have potential atleast to be as good as Counter Strike 1.6 still is.Its been 3 years sinc Im playing this game and following pro scene very closly. I guess, its time for a very short review.

Heads up to the community for making Counter Strike as one of the biggest e-sports titles again.

But if anything else - this game is pretty big pile of crap. IIRC, its march 2014, sinc development of this game is going only downhill trajectory (CZ-75 update it is). Not only swallowing up updetes has been painful, but also watching how problems arent adressed for yeras. But when volvo try to take care of issue, you can be shure that it will be one step in the right direction and atleast 3 steps backwards (ladders and hitboxes, sound, etc.). Eventually picture makes sense - brain cell non existence of humanity has been taken to whole new level.

In the end there was only one ingredient that was necesasry. Despite about feeling that this game is more like skin simulator with jackpots and betting sites within past year or so, volvo did two things right - skins and micropayments. Without necessary evil Counter Strike would be alive in 2016? Not so sure.

Nonethless about game itself, its been amazing years together with pro scene, lets hope that one day this game will become a truly great e-sports title and in 2016 it will not be destroyed by someones greed and careless, because with todays features this game have potential atleast to be as good as Counter Strike 1.6 still is.Its been 3 years sinc Im playing this game and following pro scene very closly. I guess, its time for a very short review.

Heads up to the community for making Counter Strike as one of the biggest e-sports titles again.

But if anything else - this game is pretty big pile of crap. IIRC, its march 2014, sinc development of this game is going only downhill trajectory (CZ-75 update it is). Not only swallowing up updetes has been painful, but also watching how problems arent adressed for yeras. But when volvo try to take care of issue, you can be shure that it will be one step in the right direction and atleast 3 steps backwards (ladders and hitboxes, sound, etc.). Eventually picture makes sense - brain cell non existence of humanity has been taken to whole new level.

In the end there was only one ingredient that was necesasry. Despite about feeling that this game is more like skin simulator with jackpots and betting sites within past year or so, volvo did two things right - skins and micropayments. Without necessary evil Counter Strike would be alive in 2016? Not so sure.

Nonethless about game itself, its been amazing years together with pro scene, lets hope that one day this game will become a truly great e-sports title and in 2016 it will not be destroyed by someones greed and careless, because with todays features this game have potential atleast to be as good as Counter Strike 1.6 still is.Its been 3 years sinc Im playing this game and following pro scene very closly. I guess, its time for a very short review.

Heads up to the community for making Counter Strike as one of the biggest e-sports titles again.

But if anything else - this game is pretty big pile of crap. IIRC, its march 2014, sinc development of this game is going only downhill trajectory (CZ-75 update it is). Not only swallowing up updetes has been painful, but also watching how problems arent adressed for yeras. But when volvo try to take care of issue, you can be shure that it will be one step in the right direction and atleast 3 steps backwards (ladders and hitboxes, sound, etc.). Eventually picture makes sense - brain cell non existence of humanity has been taken to whole new level.

In the end there was only one ingredient that was necesasry. Despite about feeling that this game is more like skin simulator with jackpots and betting sites within past year or so, volvo did two things right - skins and micropayments. Without necessary evil Counter Strike would be alive in 2016? Not so sure.

Nonethless about game itself, its been amazing years together with pro scene, lets hope that one day this game will become a truly great e-sports title and in 2016 it will not be destroyed by someones greed and careless, because with todays features this game have potential atleast to be as good as Counter Strike 1.6 still is.Its been 3 years sinc Im playing this game and following pro scene very closly. I guess, its time for a very short review.

Heads up to the community for making Counter Strike as one of the biggest e-sports titles again.

But if anything else - this game is pretty big pile of crap. IIRC, its march 2014, sinc development of this game is going only downhill trajectory (CZ-75 update it is). Not only swallowing up updetes has been painful, but also watching how problems arent adressed for yeras. But when volvo try to take care of issue, you can be shure that it will be one step in the right direction and atleast 3 steps backwards (ladders and hitboxes, sound, etc.). Eventually picture makes sense - brain cell non existence of humanity has been taken to whole new level.

In the end there was only one ingredient that was necesasry. Despite about feeling that this game is more like skin simulator with jackpots and betting sites within past year or so, volvo did two things right - skins and micropayments. Without necessary evil Counter Strike would be alive in 2016? Not so sure.

Nonethless about game itself, its been amazing years together with pro scene, lets hope that one day this game will become a truly great e-sports title and in 2016 it will not be destroyed by someones greed and careless, because with todays features this game have potential atleast to be as good as Counter Strike 1.6 still is.Its been 3 years sinc Im playing this game and following pro scene very closly. I guess, its time for a very short review.

Heads up to the community for making Counter Strike as one of the biggest e-sports titles again.

But if anything else - this game is pretty big pile of crap. IIRC, its march 2014, sinc development of this game is going only downhill trajectory (CZ-75 update it is). Not only swallowing up updetes has been painful, but also watching how problems arent adressed for yeras. But when volvo try to take care of issue, you can be shure that it will be one step in the right direction and atleast 3 steps backwards (ladders and hitboxes, sound, etc.). Eventually picture makes sense - brain cell non existence of humanity has been taken to whole new level.

In the end there was only one ingredient that was necesasry. Despite about feeling that this game is more like skin simulator with jackpots and betting sites within past year or so, volvo did two things right - skins and micropayments. Without necessary evil Counter Strike would be alive in 2016? Not so sure.

Nonethless about game itself, its been amazing years together with pro scene, lets hope that one day this game will become a truly great e-sports title and in 2016 it will not be destroyed by someones greed and careless, because with todays features this game have potential atleast to be as good as Counter Strike 1.6 still is.Its been 3 years sinc Im playing this game and following pro scene very closly. I guess, its time for a very short review.

Heads up to the community for making Counter Strike as one of the biggest e-sports titles again.

But if anything else - this game is pretty big pile of crap. IIRC, its march 2014, sinc development of this game is going only downhill trajectory (CZ-75 update it is). Not only swallowing up updetes has been painful, but also watching how problems arent adressed for yeras. But when volvo try to take care of issue, you can be shure that it will be one step in the right direction and atleast 3 steps backwards (ladders and hitboxes, sound, etc.). Eventually picture makes sense - brain cell non existence of humanity has been taken to whole new level.

In the end there was only one ingredient that was necesasry. Despite about feeling that this game is more like skin simulator with jackpots and betting sites within past year or so, volvo did two things right - skins and micropayments. Without necessary evil Counter Strike would be alive in 2016? Not so sure.

Nonethless about game itself, its been amazing years together with pro scene, lets hope that one day this game will become a truly great e-sports title and in 2016 it will not be destroyed by someones greed and careless, because with todays features this game have potential atleast to be as good as Counter Strike 1.6 still is.Its been 3 years sinc Im playing this game and following pro scene very closly. I guess, its time for a very short review.

Heads up to the community for making Counter Strike as one of the biggest e-sports titles again.

But if anything else - this game is pretty big pile of crap. IIRC, its march 2014, sinc development of this game is going only downhill trajectory (CZ-75 update it is). Not only swallowing up updetes has been painful, but also watching how problems arent adressed for yeras. But when volvo try to take care of issue, you can be shure that it will be one step in the right direction and atleast 3 steps backwards (ladders and hitboxes, sound, etc.). Eventually picture makes sense - brain cell non existence of humanity has been taken to whole new level.

In the end there was only one ingredient that was necesasry. Despite about feeling that this game is more like skin simulator with jackpots and betting sites within past year or so, volvo did two things right - skins and micropayments. Without necessary evil Counter Strike would be alive in 2016? Not so sure.

Nonethless about game itself, its been amazing years together with pro scene, lets hope that one day this game will become a truly great e-sports title and in 2016 it will not be destroyed by someones greed and careless, because with todays features this game have potential atleast to be as good as Counter Strike 1.6 still is.Its been 3 years sinc Im playing this game and following pro scene very closly. I guess, its time for a very short review.

Heads up to the community for making Counter Strike as one of the biggest e-sports titles again.

But if anything else - this game is pretty big pile of crap. IIRC, its march 2014, sinc development of this game is going only downhill trajectory (CZ-75 update it is). Not only swallowing up updetes has been painful, but also watching how problems arent adressed for yeras. But when volvo try to take care of issue, you can be shure that it will be one step in the right direction and atleast 3 steps backwards (ladders and hitboxes, sound, etc.). Eventually picture makes sense - brain cell non existence of humanity has been taken to whole new level.

In the end there was only one ingredient that was necesasry. Despite about feeling that this game is more like skin simulator with jackpots and betting sites within past year or so, volvo did two things right - skins and micropayments. Without necessary evil Counter Strike would be alive in 2016? Not so sure.

Nonethless about game itself, its been amazing years together with pro scene, lets hope that one day this game will become a truly great e-sports title and in 2016 it will not be destroyed by someones greed and careless, because with todays features this game have potential atleast to be as good as Counter Strike 1.6 still is.

F*ck metaF*ck metaF*ck metaF*ck metaF*ck metaF*ck metaF*ck metaF*ck metaF*ck metaF*ck meta

A first person game with two mods, COMPETETIVE and FUN which makes the game more enjoyable. 5/5A first person game with two mods, COMPETETIVE and FUN which makes the game more enjoyable. 5/5A first person game with two mods, COMPETETIVE and FUN which makes the game more enjoyable. 5/5A first person game with two mods, COMPETETIVE and FUN which makes the game more enjoyable. 5/5A first person game with two mods, COMPETETIVE and FUN which makes the game more enjoyable. 5/5A first person game with two mods, COMPETETIVE and FUN which makes the game more enjoyable. 5/5A first person game with two mods, COMPETETIVE and FUN which makes the game more enjoyable. 5/5A first person game with two mods, COMPETETIVE and FUN which makes the game more enjoyable. 5/5A first person game with two mods, COMPETETIVE and FUN which makes the game more enjoyable. 5/5A first person game with two mods, COMPETETIVE and FUN which makes the game more enjoyable. 5/5

Randomly got kicked from a game and got a 7 day ban due to valve VAC not letting me rejoin  game  servers money robbing s
Randomly got kicked from a game and got a 7 day ban due to valve VAC not letting me rejoin  game  servers money robbing s
Randomly got kicked from a game and got a 7 day ban due to valve VAC not letting me rejoin  game  servers money robbing s
Randomly got kicked from a game and got a 7 day ban due to valve VAC not letting me rejoin  game  servers money robbing s
Randomly got kicked from a game and got a 7 day ban due to valve VAC not letting me rejoin  game  servers money robbing s
Randomly got kicked from a game and got a 7 day ban due to valve VAC not letting me rejoin  game  servers money robbing s
Randomly got kicked from a game and got a 7 day ban due to valve VAC not letting me rejoin  game  servers money robbing s
Randomly got kicked from a game and got a 7 day ban due to valve VAC not letting me rejoin  game  servers money robbing s
Randomly got kicked from a game and got a 7 day ban due to valve VAC not letting me rejoin  game  servers money robbing s
Randomly got kicked from a game and got a 7 day ban due to valve VAC not letting me rejoin  game  servers money robbing s


it's called global offensive because no matter what country the servers hosted in, i still get offended when they call me a .it's called global offensive because no matter what country the servers hosted in, i still get offended when they call me a .it's called global offensive because no matter what country the servers hosted in, i still get offended when they call me a .it's called global offensive because no matter what country the servers hosted in, i still get offended when they call me a .it's called global offensive because no matter what country the servers hosted in, i still get offended when they call me a .it's called global offensive because no matter what country the servers hosted in, i still get offended when they call me a .it's called global offensive because no matter what country the servers hosted in, i still get offended when they call me a .it's called global offensive because no matter what country the servers hosted in, i still get offended when they call me a .it's called global offensive because no matter what country the servers hosted in, i still get offended when they call me a .it's called global offensive because no matter what country the servers hosted in, i still get offended when they call me a .

I purchased this game on release day and played it for about three hours. It was absolute crap and I un-installed it.

Fast forward almost one year and my friend recommended I try it again. Well, i've got to say that the game has come a long way and has vastly improved from it's release version.

The game is basically 1.6 with improved graphics and mechanics. While it still needs work in many areas, the current state of the game is highly enjoyable and worth the mediocre price of $14.99.

If you're a long time CS player like me (Beta 1) and don't have this game yet, add me to your friends list and we'll reminisce about the old days and maybe i'll throw a copy your way.I purchased this game on release day and played it for about three hours. It was absolute crap and I un-installed it.

Fast forward almost one year and my friend recommended I try it again. Well, i've got to say that the game has come a long way and has vastly improved from it's release version.

The game is basically 1.6 with improved graphics and mechanics. While it still needs work in many areas, the current state of the game is highly enjoyable and worth the mediocre price of $14.99.

If you're a long time CS player like me (Beta 1) and don't have this game yet, add me to your friends list and we'll reminisce about the old days and maybe i'll throw a copy your way.I purchased this game on release day and played it for about three hours. It was absolute crap and I un-installed it.

Fast forward almost one year and my friend recommended I try it again. Well, i've got to say that the game has come a long way and has vastly improved from it's release version.

The game is basically 1.6 with improved graphics and mechanics. While it still needs work in many areas, the current state of the game is highly enjoyable and worth the mediocre price of $14.99.

If you're a long time CS player like me (Beta 1) and don't have this game yet, add me to your friends list and we'll reminisce about the old days and maybe i'll throw a copy your way.I purchased this game on release day and played it for about three hours. It was absolute crap and I un-installed it.

Fast forward almost one year and my friend recommended I try it again. Well, i've got to say that the game has come a long way and has vastly improved from it's release version.

The game is basically 1.6 with improved graphics and mechanics. While it still needs work in many areas, the current state of the game is highly enjoyable and worth the mediocre price of $14.99.

If you're a long time CS player like me (Beta 1) and don't have this game yet, add me to your friends list and we'll reminisce about the old days and maybe i'll throw a copy your way.I purchased this game on release day and played it for about three hours. It was absolute crap and I un-installed it.

Fast forward almost one year and my friend recommended I try it again. Well, i've got to say that the game has come a long way and has vastly improved from it's release version.

The game is basically 1.6 with improved graphics and mechanics. While it still needs work in many areas, the current state of the game is highly enjoyable and worth the mediocre price of $14.99.

If you're a long time CS player like me (Beta 1) and don't have this game yet, add me to your friends list and we'll reminisce about the old days and maybe i'll throw a copy your way.I purchased this game on release day and played it for about three hours. It was absolute crap and I un-installed it.

Fast forward almost one year and my friend recommended I try it again. Well, i've got to say that the game has come a long way and has vastly improved from it's release version.

The game is basically 1.6 with improved graphics and mechanics. While it still needs work in many areas, the current state of the game is highly enjoyable and worth the mediocre price of $14.99.

If you're a long time CS player like me (Beta 1) and don't have this game yet, add me to your friends list and we'll reminisce about the old days and maybe i'll throw a copy your way.I purchased this game on release day and played it for about three hours. It was absolute crap and I un-installed it.

Fast forward almost one year and my friend recommended I try it again. Well, i've got to say that the game has come a long way and has vastly improved from it's release version.

The game is basically 1.6 with improved graphics and mechanics. While it still needs work in many areas, the current state of the game is highly enjoyable and worth the mediocre price of $14.99.

If you're a long time CS player like me (Beta 1) and don't have this game yet, add me to your friends list and we'll reminisce about the old days and maybe i'll throw a copy your way.I purchased this game on release day and played it for about three hours. It was absolute crap and I un-installed it.

Fast forward almost one year and my friend recommended I try it again. Well, i've got to say that the game has come a long way and has vastly improved from it's release version.

The game is basically 1.6 with improved graphics and mechanics. While it still needs work in many areas, the current state of the game is highly enjoyable and worth the mediocre price of $14.99.

If you're a long time CS player like me (Beta 1) and don't have this game yet, add me to your friends list and we'll reminisce about the old days and maybe i'll throw a copy your way.I purchased this game on release day and played it for about three hours. It was absolute crap and I un-installed it.

Fast forward almost one year and my friend recommended I try it again. Well, i've got to say that the game has come a long way and has vastly improved from it's release version.

The game is basically 1.6 with improved graphics and mechanics. While it still needs work in many areas, the current state of the game is highly enjoyable and worth the mediocre price of $14.99.

If you're a long time CS player like me (Beta 1) and don't have this game yet, add me to your friends list and we'll reminisce about the old days and maybe i'll throw a copy your way.I purchased this game on release day and played it for about three hours. It was absolute crap and I un-installed it.

Fast forward almost one year and my friend recommended I try it again. Well, i've got to say that the game has come a long way and has vastly improved from it's release version.

The game is basically 1.6 with improved graphics and mechanics. While it still needs work in many areas, the current state of the game is highly enjoyable and worth the mediocre price of $14.99.

If you're a long time CS player like me (Beta 1) and don't have this game yet, add me to your friends list and we'll reminisce about the old days and maybe i'll throw a copy your way.

Hackers and smurfs are ruining it.Hackers and smurfs are ruining it.Hackers and smurfs are ruining it.Hackers and smurfs are ruining it.Hackers and smurfs are ruining it.Hackers and smurfs are ruining it.Hackers and smurfs are ruining it.Hackers and smurfs are ruining it.Hackers and smurfs are ruining it.Hackers and smurfs are ruining it.

This update ruined the games...

From this update i got:

1.Lag.
2.One  R8 revolver


Delete this ''update'' .. or fix these  [something like lag]This update ruined the games...

From this update i got:

1.Lag.
2.One  R8 revolver


Delete this ''update'' .. or fix these  [something like lag]This update ruined the games...

From this update i got:

1.Lag.
2.One  R8 revolver


Delete this ''update'' .. or fix these  [something like lag]This update ruined the games...

From this update i got:

1.Lag.
2.One  R8 revolver


Delete this ''update'' .. or fix these  [something like lag]This update ruined the games...

From this update i got:

1.Lag.
2.One  R8 revolver


Delete this ''update'' .. or fix these  [something like lag]This update ruined the games...

From this update i got:

1.Lag.
2.One  R8 revolver


Delete this ''update'' .. or fix these  [something like lag]This update ruined the games...

From this update i got:

1.Lag.
2.One  R8 revolver


Delete this ''update'' .. or fix these  [something like lag]This update ruined the games...

From this update i got:

1.Lag.
2.One  R8 revolver


Delete this ''update'' .. or fix these  [something like lag]This update ruined the games...

From this update i got:

1.Lag.
2.One  R8 revolver


Delete this ''update'' .. or fix these  [something like lag]This update ruined the games...

From this update i got:

1.Lag.
2.One  R8 revolver


Delete this ''update'' .. or fix these  [something like lag]

This is good game, I approve ^>^This is good game, I approve ^>^This is good game, I approve ^>^This is good game, I approve ^>^This is good game, I approve ^>^This is good game, I approve ^>^This is good game, I approve ^>^This is good game, I approve ^>^This is good game, I approve ^>^This is good game, I approve ^>^

Don't play CSGO if you can't tolerate cheaters, racism, hatred amongst players (even your own teammates), and under average servers.  Focusing on the quality of servers, my experience has been a 5/10 satisfaction with them. Even though my connection is less than 50 ping, with minimal packet loss, choke, and var"Don't play CSGO if you can't tolerate cheaters, racism, hatred amongst players (even your own teammates), and under average servers.  Focusing on the quality of servers, my experience has been a 5/10 satisfaction with them. Even though my connection is less than 50 ping, with minimal packet loss, choke, and var"Don't play CSGO if you can't tolerate cheaters, racism, hatred amongst players (even your own teammates), and under average servers.  Focusing on the quality of servers, my experience has been a 5/10 satisfaction with them. Even though my connection is less than 50 ping, with minimal packet loss, choke, and var"Don't play CSGO if you can't tolerate cheaters, racism, hatred amongst players (even your own teammates), and under average servers.  Focusing on the quality of servers, my experience has been a 5/10 satisfaction with them. Even though my connection is less than 50 ping, with minimal packet loss, choke, and var"Don't play CSGO if you can't tolerate cheaters, racism, hatred amongst players (even your own teammates), and under average servers.  Focusing on the quality of servers, my experience has been a 5/10 satisfaction with them. Even though my connection is less than 50 ping, with minimal packet loss, choke, and var"Don't play CSGO if you can't tolerate cheaters, racism, hatred amongst players (even your own teammates), and under average servers.  Focusing on the quality of servers, my experience has been a 5/10 satisfaction with them. Even though my connection is less than 50 ping, with minimal packet loss, choke, and var"Don't play CSGO if you can't tolerate cheaters, racism, hatred amongst players (even your own teammates), and under average servers.  Focusing on the quality of servers, my experience has been a 5/10 satisfaction with them. Even though my connection is less than 50 ping, with minimal packet loss, choke, and var"Don't play CSGO if you can't tolerate cheaters, racism, hatred amongst players (even your own teammates), and under average servers.  Focusing on the quality of servers, my experience has been a 5/10 satisfaction with them. Even though my connection is less than 50 ping, with minimal packet loss, choke, and var"Don't play CSGO if you can't tolerate cheaters, racism, hatred amongst players (even your own teammates), and under average servers.  Focusing on the quality of servers, my experience has been a 5/10 satisfaction with them. Even though my connection is less than 50 ping, with minimal packet loss, choke, and var"Don't play CSGO if you can't tolerate cheaters, racism, hatred amongst players (even your own teammates), and under average servers.  Focusing on the quality of servers, my experience has been a 5/10 satisfaction with them. Even though my connection is less than 50 ping, with minimal packet loss, choke, and var"

This game was my life since 2014 i started playing it by passion because i loved it so much but nowadays i opened my eyes and realized how much this great potential game has THE WORST and i underline three f*cking times THE WORST COMMUNITY EVER !!! qo much kids and cheater who don't let you play right and because of them you can't rank up cuz they are always trolling or kidding with their mates and its so annoying with the time it can be funny some times but when you find it IN EVERY F*cking ranked you play it becomes fast very disturbing and can make you crazy like you see now with me so there is :
1- Russians (which you find in 99% of the matchs)
2- Kids
3- Trollers
4- Hackers
5- Smurfs who can't play at their level cuz their bad
So for the love of god before starting this wonderful ruined game just think at it and if you want my advice don't play it please you will just waste your time like i did i will definitely stop this gameThis game was my life since 2014 i started playing it by passion because i loved it so much but nowadays i opened my eyes and realized how much this great potential game has THE WORST and i underline three f*cking times THE WORST COMMUNITY EVER !!! qo much kids and cheater who don't let you play right and because of them you can't rank up cuz they are always trolling or kidding with their mates and its so annoying with the time it can be funny some times but when you find it IN EVERY F*cking ranked you play it becomes fast very disturbing and can make you crazy like you see now with me so there is :
1- Russians (which you find in 99% of the matchs)
2- Kids
3- Trollers
4- Hackers
5- Smurfs who can't play at their level cuz their bad
So for the love of god before starting this wonderful ruined game just think at it and if you want my advice don't play it please you will just waste your time like i did i will definitely stop this gameThis game was my life since 2014 i started playing it by passion because i loved it so much but nowadays i opened my eyes and realized how much this great potential game has THE WORST and i underline three f*cking times THE WORST COMMUNITY EVER !!! qo much kids and cheater who don't let you play right and because of them you can't rank up cuz they are always trolling or kidding with their mates and its so annoying with the time it can be funny some times but when you find it IN EVERY F*cking ranked you play it becomes fast very disturbing and can make you crazy like you see now with me so there is :
1- Russians (which you find in 99% of the matchs)
2- Kids
3- Trollers
4- Hackers
5- Smurfs who can't play at their level cuz their bad
So for the love of god before starting this wonderful ruined game just think at it and if you want my advice don't play it please you will just waste your time like i did i will definitely stop this gameThis game was my life since 2014 i started playing it by passion because i loved it so much but nowadays i opened my eyes and realized how much this great potential game has THE WORST and i underline three f*cking times THE WORST COMMUNITY EVER !!! qo much kids and cheater who don't let you play right and because of them you can't rank up cuz they are always trolling or kidding with their mates and its so annoying with the time it can be funny some times but when you find it IN EVERY F*cking ranked you play it becomes fast very disturbing and can make you crazy like you see now with me so there is :
1- Russians (which you find in 99% of the matchs)
2- Kids
3- Trollers
4- Hackers
5- Smurfs who can't play at their level cuz their bad
So for the love of god before starting this wonderful ruined game just think at it and if you want my advice don't play it please you will just waste your time like i did i will definitely stop this gameThis game was my life since 2014 i started playing it by passion because i loved it so much but nowadays i opened my eyes and realized how much this great potential game has THE WORST and i underline three f*cking times THE WORST COMMUNITY EVER !!! qo much kids and cheater who don't let you play right and because of them you can't rank up cuz they are always trolling or kidding with their mates and its so annoying with the time it can be funny some times but when you find it IN EVERY F*cking ranked you play it becomes fast very disturbing and can make you crazy like you see now with me so there is :
1- Russians (which you find in 99% of the matchs)
2- Kids
3- Trollers
4- Hackers
5- Smurfs who can't play at their level cuz their bad
So for the love of god before starting this wonderful ruined game just think at it and if you want my advice don't play it please you will just waste your time like i did i will definitely stop this gameThis game was my life since 2014 i started playing it by passion because i loved it so much but nowadays i opened my eyes and realized how much this great potential game has THE WORST and i underline three f*cking times THE WORST COMMUNITY EVER !!! qo much kids and cheater who don't let you play right and because of them you can't rank up cuz they are always trolling or kidding with their mates and its so annoying with the time it can be funny some times but when you find it IN EVERY F*cking ranked you play it becomes fast very disturbing and can make you crazy like you see now with me so there is :
1- Russians (which you find in 99% of the matchs)
2- Kids
3- Trollers
4- Hackers
5- Smurfs who can't play at their level cuz their bad
So for the love of god before starting this wonderful ruined game just think at it and if you want my advice don't play it please you will just waste your time like i did i will definitely stop this gameThis game was my life since 2014 i started playing it by passion because i loved it so much but nowadays i opened my eyes and realized how much this great potential game has THE WORST and i underline three f*cking times THE WORST COMMUNITY EVER !!! qo much kids and cheater who don't let you play right and because of them you can't rank up cuz they are always trolling or kidding with their mates and its so annoying with the time it can be funny some times but when you find it IN EVERY F*cking ranked you play it becomes fast very disturbing and can make you crazy like you see now with me so there is :
1- Russians (which you find in 99% of the matchs)
2- Kids
3- Trollers
4- Hackers
5- Smurfs who can't play at their level cuz their bad
So for the love of god before starting this wonderful ruined game just think at it and if you want my advice don't play it please you will just waste your time like i did i will definitely stop this gameThis game was my life since 2014 i started playing it by passion because i loved it so much but nowadays i opened my eyes and realized how much this great potential game has THE WORST and i underline three f*cking times THE WORST COMMUNITY EVER !!! qo much kids and cheater who don't let you play right and because of them you can't rank up cuz they are always trolling or kidding with their mates and its so annoying with the time it can be funny some times but when you find it IN EVERY F*cking ranked you play it becomes fast very disturbing and can make you crazy like you see now with me so there is :
1- Russians (which you find in 99% of the matchs)
2- Kids
3- Trollers
4- Hackers
5- Smurfs who can't play at their level cuz their bad
So for the love of god before starting this wonderful ruined game just think at it and if you want my advice don't play it please you will just waste your time like i did i will definitely stop this gameThis game was my life since 2014 i started playing it by passion because i loved it so much but nowadays i opened my eyes and realized how much this great potential game has THE WORST and i underline three f*cking times THE WORST COMMUNITY EVER !!! qo much kids and cheater who don't let you play right and because of them you can't rank up cuz they are always trolling or kidding with their mates and its so annoying with the time it can be funny some times but when you find it IN EVERY F*cking ranked you play it becomes fast very disturbing and can make you crazy like you see now with me so there is :
1- Russians (which you find in 99% of the matchs)
2- Kids
3- Trollers
4- Hackers
5- Smurfs who can't play at their level cuz their bad
So for the love of god before starting this wonderful ruined game just think at it and if you want my advice don't play it please you will just waste your time like i did i will definitely stop this gameThis game was my life since 2014 i started playing it by passion because i loved it so much but nowadays i opened my eyes and realized how much this great potential game has THE WORST and i underline three f*cking times THE WORST COMMUNITY EVER !!! qo much kids and cheater who don't let you play right and because of them you can't rank up cuz they are always trolling or kidding with their mates and its so annoying with the time it can be funny some times but when you find it IN EVERY F*cking ranked you play it becomes fast very disturbing and can make you crazy like you see now with me so there is :
1- Russians (which you find in 99% of the matchs)
2- Kids
3- Trollers
4- Hackers
5- Smurfs who can't play at their level cuz their bad
So for the love of god before starting this wonderful ruined game just think at it and if you want my advice don't play it please you will just waste your time like i did i will definitely stop this game

The best Counter-Strike after Source!The best Counter-Strike after Source!The best Counter-Strike after Source!The best Counter-Strike after Source!The best Counter-Strike after Source!The best Counter-Strike after Source!The best Counter-Strike after Source!The best Counter-Strike after Source!The best Counter-Strike after Source!The best Counter-Strike after Source!

I sure do love $400.00 knife reskinsI sure do love $400.00 knife reskinsI sure do love $400.00 knife reskinsI sure do love $400.00 knife reskinsI sure do love $400.00 knife reskinsI sure do love $400.00 knife reskinsI sure do love $400.00 knife reskinsI sure do love $400.00 knife reskinsI sure do love $400.00 knife reskinsI sure do love $400.00 knife reskins

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, is probably the most balanced Fps game in all existence.
I personally started playing Counter Strike when Source had been out for 2-3 years or so. I've always enjoyed the close quarters strategic combat, and the fact that the game is all skill.
The're are no unlockables, the only things you can earn" by playing are statsCounter-Strike: Global Offensive, is probably the most balanced Fps game in all existence.
I personally started playing Counter Strike when Source had been out for 2-3 years or so. I've always enjoyed the close quarters strategic combat, and the fact that the game is all skill.
The're are no unlockables, the only things you can earn" by playing are statsCounter-Strike: Global Offensive, is probably the most balanced Fps game in all existence.
I personally started playing Counter Strike when Source had been out for 2-3 years or so. I've always enjoyed the close quarters strategic combat, and the fact that the game is all skill.
The're are no unlockables, the only things you can earn" by playing are statsCounter-Strike: Global Offensive, is probably the most balanced Fps game in all existence.
I personally started playing Counter Strike when Source had been out for 2-3 years or so. I've always enjoyed the close quarters strategic combat, and the fact that the game is all skill.
The're are no unlockables, the only things you can earn" by playing are statsCounter-Strike: Global Offensive, is probably the most balanced Fps game in all existence.
I personally started playing Counter Strike when Source had been out for 2-3 years or so. I've always enjoyed the close quarters strategic combat, and the fact that the game is all skill.
The're are no unlockables, the only things you can earn" by playing are statsCounter-Strike: Global Offensive, is probably the most balanced Fps game in all existence.
I personally started playing Counter Strike when Source had been out for 2-3 years or so. I've always enjoyed the close quarters strategic combat, and the fact that the game is all skill.
The're are no unlockables, the only things you can earn" by playing are statsCounter-Strike: Global Offensive, is probably the most balanced Fps game in all existence.
I personally started playing Counter Strike when Source had been out for 2-3 years or so. I've always enjoyed the close quarters strategic combat, and the fact that the game is all skill.
The're are no unlockables, the only things you can earn" by playing are statsCounter-Strike: Global Offensive, is probably the most balanced Fps game in all existence.
I personally started playing Counter Strike when Source had been out for 2-3 years or so. I've always enjoyed the close quarters strategic combat, and the fact that the game is all skill.
The're are no unlockables, the only things you can earn" by playing are statsCounter-Strike: Global Offensive, is probably the most balanced Fps game in all existence.
I personally started playing Counter Strike when Source had been out for 2-3 years or so. I've always enjoyed the close quarters strategic combat, and the fact that the game is all skill.
The're are no unlockables, the only things you can earn" by playing are statsCounter-Strike: Global Offensive, is probably the most balanced Fps game in all existence.
I personally started playing Counter Strike when Source had been out for 2-3 years or so. I've always enjoyed the close quarters strategic combat, and the fact that the game is all skill.
The're are no unlockables, the only things you can earn" by playing are stats

Good job add R8 ing t,and why not in next udate add bazooka instead awpGood job add R8 ing t,and why not in next udate add bazooka instead awpGood job add R8 ing t,and why not in next udate add bazooka instead awpGood job add R8 ing t,and why not in next udate add bazooka instead awpGood job add R8 ing t,and why not in next udate add bazooka instead awpGood job add R8 ing t,and why not in next udate add bazooka instead awpGood job add R8 ing t,and why not in next udate add bazooka instead awpGood job add R8 ing t,and why not in next udate add bazooka instead awpGood job add R8 ing t,and why not in next udate add bazooka instead awpGood job add R8 ing t,and why not in next udate add bazooka instead awp

Russia team and voice chat  10/10Russia team and voice chat  10/10Russia team and voice chat  10/10Russia team and voice chat  10/10Russia team and voice chat  10/10Russia team and voice chat  10/10Russia team and voice chat  10/10Russia team and voice chat  10/10Russia team and voice chat  10/10Russia team and voice chat  10/10

 this piece of  game this piece of  game this piece of  game this piece of  game this piece of  game this piece of  game this piece of  game this piece of  game this piece of  game this piece of  game

INTRO:
 So i gave a thought for long time about what i'm going to write down on this review since it's one of my favourite games on steam.

GAMEPLAY RATING:
 So far i can tell that the gameplay really makes fun especially the gungame , deathmatch mode and the normal casual stuff. Developers definetly achieved to create a varied and half way balanced game elements in this fps game.
they still do some updates and make some changes by and then just to appear it more interesting.

 From the point of technical aspects they succed so far ( at least in my opinion ) , because all different weapons can be used for certain situation so there aren't many weapons which are superior to others, in addition you can balance this by teamwork and strategic actions. Yes this game is not only about skill, it's more relying on teamwork , which is also an interesting fact about this game, because high skill doesn't mean anything to this game.

COMPETETIVE OR NOT? :
 For me there are only two sides of this game : Competetive and non competetive

 For the non competetive part i can give a recommendation, because it bonds a lot of fun and variation for players.

 In contrast for the competetive part, unfortunatly  i can't give a recommendation. You sure ask why.
The reason is the community itself, it's poisoned with pathetic low self-esteem people who create smurf accounts in order to hack and ruin the game, and as if it's not enough they also insult for no reason . they probably do it to strenghten their self-esteem or maybe they need mental help i don't know , somehow or other it's really bad.
Almost every match i only read on the chat  look on my main account im *insert here high rank*" . so if this is the case why are they even owning a second account then? and making hacks appear so obvious?! i really don't know. And before people come to me and to label me as a low playerINTRO:
 So i gave a thought for long time about what i'm going to write down on this review since it's one of my favourite games on steam.

GAMEPLAY RATING:
 So far i can tell that the gameplay really makes fun especially the gungame , deathmatch mode and the normal casual stuff. Developers definetly achieved to create a varied and half way balanced game elements in this fps game.
they still do some updates and make some changes by and then just to appear it more interesting.

 From the point of technical aspects they succed so far ( at least in my opinion ) , because all different weapons can be used for certain situation so there aren't many weapons which are superior to others, in addition you can balance this by teamwork and strategic actions. Yes this game is not only about skill, it's more relying on teamwork , which is also an interesting fact about this game, because high skill doesn't mean anything to this game.

COMPETETIVE OR NOT? :
 For me there are only two sides of this game : Competetive and non competetive

 For the non competetive part i can give a recommendation, because it bonds a lot of fun and variation for players.

 In contrast for the competetive part, unfortunatly  i can't give a recommendation. You sure ask why.
The reason is the community itself, it's poisoned with pathetic low self-esteem people who create smurf accounts in order to hack and ruin the game, and as if it's not enough they also insult for no reason . they probably do it to strenghten their self-esteem or maybe they need mental help i don't know , somehow or other it's really bad.
Almost every match i only read on the chat  look on my main account im *insert here high rank*" . so if this is the case why are they even owning a second account then? and making hacks appear so obvious?! i really don't know. And before people come to me and to label me as a low playerINTRO:
 So i gave a thought for long time about what i'm going to write down on this review since it's one of my favourite games on steam.

GAMEPLAY RATING:
 So far i can tell that the gameplay really makes fun especially the gungame , deathmatch mode and the normal casual stuff. Developers definetly achieved to create a varied and half way balanced game elements in this fps game.
they still do some updates and make some changes by and then just to appear it more interesting.

 From the point of technical aspects they succed so far ( at least in my opinion ) , because all different weapons can be used for certain situation so there aren't many weapons which are superior to others, in addition you can balance this by teamwork and strategic actions. Yes this game is not only about skill, it's more relying on teamwork , which is also an interesting fact about this game, because high skill doesn't mean anything to this game.

COMPETETIVE OR NOT? :
 For me there are only two sides of this game : Competetive and non competetive

 For the non competetive part i can give a recommendation, because it bonds a lot of fun and variation for players.

 In contrast for the competetive part, unfortunatly  i can't give a recommendation. You sure ask why.
The reason is the community itself, it's poisoned with pathetic low self-esteem people who create smurf accounts in order to hack and ruin the game, and as if it's not enough they also insult for no reason . they probably do it to strenghten their self-esteem or maybe they need mental help i don't know , somehow or other it's really bad.
Almost every match i only read on the chat  look on my main account im *insert here high rank*" . so if this is the case why are they even owning a second account then? and making hacks appear so obvious?! i really don't know. And before people come to me and to label me as a low playerINTRO:
 So i gave a thought for long time about what i'm going to write down on this review since it's one of my favourite games on steam.

GAMEPLAY RATING:
 So far i can tell that the gameplay really makes fun especially the gungame , deathmatch mode and the normal casual stuff. Developers definetly achieved to create a varied and half way balanced game elements in this fps game.
they still do some updates and make some changes by and then just to appear it more interesting.

 From the point of technical aspects they succed so far ( at least in my opinion ) , because all different weapons can be used for certain situation so there aren't many weapons which are superior to others, in addition you can balance this by teamwork and strategic actions. Yes this game is not only about skill, it's more relying on teamwork , which is also an interesting fact about this game, because high skill doesn't mean anything to this game.

COMPETETIVE OR NOT? :
 For me there are only two sides of this game : Competetive and non competetive

 For the non competetive part i can give a recommendation, because it bonds a lot of fun and variation for players.

 In contrast for the competetive part, unfortunatly  i can't give a recommendation. You sure ask why.
The reason is the community itself, it's poisoned with pathetic low self-esteem people who create smurf accounts in order to hack and ruin the game, and as if it's not enough they also insult for no reason . they probably do it to strenghten their self-esteem or maybe they need mental help i don't know , somehow or other it's really bad.
Almost every match i only read on the chat  look on my main account im *insert here high rank*" . so if this is the case why are they even owning a second account then? and making hacks appear so obvious?! i really don't know. And before people come to me and to label me as a low playerINTRO:
 So i gave a thought for long time about what i'm going to write down on this review since it's one of my favourite games on steam.

GAMEPLAY RATING:
 So far i can tell that the gameplay really makes fun especially the gungame , deathmatch mode and the normal casual stuff. Developers definetly achieved to create a varied and half way balanced game elements in this fps game.
they still do some updates and make some changes by and then just to appear it more interesting.

 From the point of technical aspects they succed so far ( at least in my opinion ) , because all different weapons can be used for certain situation so there aren't many weapons which are superior to others, in addition you can balance this by teamwork and strategic actions. Yes this game is not only about skill, it's more relying on teamwork , which is also an interesting fact about this game, because high skill doesn't mean anything to this game.

COMPETETIVE OR NOT? :
 For me there are only two sides of this game : Competetive and non competetive

 For the non competetive part i can give a recommendation, because it bonds a lot of fun and variation for players.

 In contrast for the competetive part, unfortunatly  i can't give a recommendation. You sure ask why.
The reason is the community itself, it's poisoned with pathetic low self-esteem people who create smurf accounts in order to hack and ruin the game, and as if it's not enough they also insult for no reason . they probably do it to strenghten their self-esteem or maybe they need mental help i don't know , somehow or other it's really bad.
Almost every match i only read on the chat  look on my main account im *insert here high rank*" . so if this is the case why are they even owning a second account then? and making hacks appear so obvious?! i really don't know. And before people come to me and to label me as a low playerINTRO:
 So i gave a thought for long time about what i'm going to write down on this review since it's one of my favourite games on steam.

GAMEPLAY RATING:
 So far i can tell that the gameplay really makes fun especially the gungame , deathmatch mode and the normal casual stuff. Developers definetly achieved to create a varied and half way balanced game elements in this fps game.
they still do some updates and make some changes by and then just to appear it more interesting.

 From the point of technical aspects they succed so far ( at least in my opinion ) , because all different weapons can be used for certain situation so there aren't many weapons which are superior to others, in addition you can balance this by teamwork and strategic actions. Yes this game is not only about skill, it's more relying on teamwork , which is also an interesting fact about this game, because high skill doesn't mean anything to this game.

COMPETETIVE OR NOT? :
 For me there are only two sides of this game : Competetive and non competetive

 For the non competetive part i can give a recommendation, because it bonds a lot of fun and variation for players.

 In contrast for the competetive part, unfortunatly  i can't give a recommendation. You sure ask why.
The reason is the community itself, it's poisoned with pathetic low self-esteem people who create smurf accounts in order to hack and ruin the game, and as if it's not enough they also insult for no reason . they probably do it to strenghten their self-esteem or maybe they need mental help i don't know , somehow or other it's really bad.
Almost every match i only read on the chat  look on my main account im *insert here high rank*" . so if this is the case why are they even owning a second account then? and making hacks appear so obvious?! i really don't know. And before people come to me and to label me as a low playerINTRO:
 So i gave a thought for long time about what i'm going to write down on this review since it's one of my favourite games on steam.

GAMEPLAY RATING:
 So far i can tell that the gameplay really makes fun especially the gungame , deathmatch mode and the normal casual stuff. Developers definetly achieved to create a varied and half way balanced game elements in this fps game.
they still do some updates and make some changes by and then just to appear it more interesting.

 From the point of technical aspects they succed so far ( at least in my opinion ) , because all different weapons can be used for certain situation so there aren't many weapons which are superior to others, in addition you can balance this by teamwork and strategic actions. Yes this game is not only about skill, it's more relying on teamwork , which is also an interesting fact about this game, because high skill doesn't mean anything to this game.

COMPETETIVE OR NOT? :
 For me there are only two sides of this game : Competetive and non competetive

 For the non competetive part i can give a recommendation, because it bonds a lot of fun and variation for players.

 In contrast for the competetive part, unfortunatly  i can't give a recommendation. You sure ask why.
The reason is the community itself, it's poisoned with pathetic low self-esteem people who create smurf accounts in order to hack and ruin the game, and as if it's not enough they also insult for no reason . they probably do it to strenghten their self-esteem or maybe they need mental help i don't know , somehow or other it's really bad.
Almost every match i only read on the chat  look on my main account im *insert here high rank*" . so if this is the case why are they even owning a second account then? and making hacks appear so obvious?! i really don't know. And before people come to me and to label me as a low playerINTRO:
 So i gave a thought for long time about what i'm going to write down on this review since it's one of my favourite games on steam.

GAMEPLAY RATING:
 So far i can tell that the gameplay really makes fun especially the gungame , deathmatch mode and the normal casual stuff. Developers definetly achieved to create a varied and half way balanced game elements in this fps game.
they still do some updates and make some changes by and then just to appear it more interesting.

 From the point of technical aspects they succed so far ( at least in my opinion ) , because all different weapons can be used for certain situation so there aren't many weapons which are superior to others, in addition you can balance this by teamwork and strategic actions. Yes this game is not only about skill, it's more relying on teamwork , which is also an interesting fact about this game, because high skill doesn't mean anything to this game.

COMPETETIVE OR NOT? :
 For me there are only two sides of this game : Competetive and non competetive

 For the non competetive part i can give a recommendation, because it bonds a lot of fun and variation for players.

 In contrast for the competetive part, unfortunatly  i can't give a recommendation. You sure ask why.
The reason is the community itself, it's poisoned with pathetic low self-esteem people who create smurf accounts in order to hack and ruin the game, and as if it's not enough they also insult for no reason . they probably do it to strenghten their self-esteem or maybe they need mental help i don't know , somehow or other it's really bad.
Almost every match i only read on the chat  look on my main account im *insert here high rank*" . so if this is the case why are they even owning a second account then? and making hacks appear so obvious?! i really don't know. And before people come to me and to label me as a low playerINTRO:
 So i gave a thought for long time about what i'm going to write down on this review since it's one of my favourite games on steam.

GAMEPLAY RATING:
 So far i can tell that the gameplay really makes fun especially the gungame , deathmatch mode and the normal casual stuff. Developers definetly achieved to create a varied and half way balanced game elements in this fps game.
they still do some updates and make some changes by and then just to appear it more interesting.

 From the point of technical aspects they succed so far ( at least in my opinion ) , because all different weapons can be used for certain situation so there aren't many weapons which are superior to others, in addition you can balance this by teamwork and strategic actions. Yes this game is not only about skill, it's more relying on teamwork , which is also an interesting fact about this game, because high skill doesn't mean anything to this game.

COMPETETIVE OR NOT? :
 For me there are only two sides of this game : Competetive and non competetive

 For the non competetive part i can give a recommendation, because it bonds a lot of fun and variation for players.

 In contrast for the competetive part, unfortunatly  i can't give a recommendation. You sure ask why.
The reason is the community itself, it's poisoned with pathetic low self-esteem people who create smurf accounts in order to hack and ruin the game, and as if it's not enough they also insult for no reason . they probably do it to strenghten their self-esteem or maybe they need mental help i don't know , somehow or other it's really bad.
Almost every match i only read on the chat  look on my main account im *insert here high rank*" . so if this is the case why are they even owning a second account then? and making hacks appear so obvious?! i really don't know. And before people come to me and to label me as a low player

Its kIts kIts kIts kIts kIts kIts kIts kIts k

Revolver Strike: Old West OffensiveRevolver Strike: Old West OffensiveRevolver Strike: Old West OffensiveRevolver Strike: Old West OffensiveRevolver Strike: Old West OffensiveRevolver Strike: Old West OffensiveRevolver Strike: Old West OffensiveRevolver Strike: Old West OffensiveRevolver Strike: Old West Offensive

this focking rng mate i focking swear on me mum if i miss one more motha faking spray to this 64 tick and rng i SWEAR ON ME MUM OH MY GOSH.............


i r8 this rng 8/8 no revolvothis focking rng mate i focking swear on me mum if i miss one more motha faking spray to this 64 tick and rng i SWEAR ON ME MUM OH MY GOSH.............


i r8 this rng 8/8 no revolvothis focking rng mate i focking swear on me mum if i miss one more motha faking spray to this 64 tick and rng i SWEAR ON ME MUM OH MY GOSH.............


i r8 this rng 8/8 no revolvothis focking rng mate i focking swear on me mum if i miss one more motha faking spray to this 64 tick and rng i SWEAR ON ME MUM OH MY GOSH.............


i r8 this rng 8/8 no revolvothis focking rng mate i focking swear on me mum if i miss one more motha faking spray to this 64 tick and rng i SWEAR ON ME MUM OH MY GOSH.............


i r8 this rng 8/8 no revolvothis focking rng mate i focking swear on me mum if i miss one more motha faking spray to this 64 tick and rng i SWEAR ON ME MUM OH MY GOSH.............


i r8 this rng 8/8 no revolvothis focking rng mate i focking swear on me mum if i miss one more motha faking spray to this 64 tick and rng i SWEAR ON ME MUM OH MY GOSH.............


i r8 this rng 8/8 no revolvothis focking rng mate i focking swear on me mum if i miss one more motha faking spray to this 64 tick and rng i SWEAR ON ME MUM OH MY GOSH.............


i r8 this rng 8/8 no revolvothis focking rng mate i focking swear on me mum if i miss one more motha faking spray to this 64 tick and rng i SWEAR ON ME MUM OH MY GOSH.............


i r8 this rng 8/8 no revolvo

I'll start off by saying that I haven't played CS:GO all that much yet, but here are some of my first impressions of the game:

-The actual gameplay is flawless and it offers more than enough customization options to ensure your comfortability with the controls. There is also a huge abundance of guns, maps and unique game types to pick from.

-I'm sure a lot of people are discouraged by the extremely high skill cap but I feel that the game's increased difficulty, relative to other first-person shooters, makes it much more rewarding. It is way more satisfying when you do finally get the hang of it.

-I typically don't pay any attention to the chat/voice communication in multiplayer games such as this, but I quietly observed it from time to time for the sake of this review. I can tell you that just like in many other games, the community can be pretty toxic towards new players and just in general. Ignore the rage and you'll be fine.

-CS:GO has a workshop with tons of community made maps that introduce unique game-modes and styles. It goes without saying that this adds hours, maybe even days, to the replayability and allows you as the player to better customize the way you play and enjoy the game.

Overall, it's an awesome game and I only wish I had picked it up sooner! If you can handle the somewhat toxic community and the high skill cap, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the perfect first-person shooter and I recommend it!I'll start off by saying that I haven't played CS:GO all that much yet, but here are some of my first impressions of the game:

-The actual gameplay is flawless and it offers more than enough customization options to ensure your comfortability with the controls. There is also a huge abundance of guns, maps and unique game types to pick from.

-I'm sure a lot of people are discouraged by the extremely high skill cap but I feel that the game's increased difficulty, relative to other first-person shooters, makes it much more rewarding. It is way more satisfying when you do finally get the hang of it.

-I typically don't pay any attention to the chat/voice communication in multiplayer games such as this, but I quietly observed it from time to time for the sake of this review. I can tell you that just like in many other games, the community can be pretty toxic towards new players and just in general. Ignore the rage and you'll be fine.

-CS:GO has a workshop with tons of community made maps that introduce unique game-modes and styles. It goes without saying that this adds hours, maybe even days, to the replayability and allows you as the player to better customize the way you play and enjoy the game.

Overall, it's an awesome game and I only wish I had picked it up sooner! If you can handle the somewhat toxic community and the high skill cap, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the perfect first-person shooter and I recommend it!I'll start off by saying that I haven't played CS:GO all that much yet, but here are some of my first impressions of the game:

-The actual gameplay is flawless and it offers more than enough customization options to ensure your comfortability with the controls. There is also a huge abundance of guns, maps and unique game types to pick from.

-I'm sure a lot of people are discouraged by the extremely high skill cap but I feel that the game's increased difficulty, relative to other first-person shooters, makes it much more rewarding. It is way more satisfying when you do finally get the hang of it.

-I typically don't pay any attention to the chat/voice communication in multiplayer games such as this, but I quietly observed it from time to time for the sake of this review. I can tell you that just like in many other games, the community can be pretty toxic towards new players and just in general. Ignore the rage and you'll be fine.

-CS:GO has a workshop with tons of community made maps that introduce unique game-modes and styles. It goes without saying that this adds hours, maybe even days, to the replayability and allows you as the player to better customize the way you play and enjoy the game.

Overall, it's an awesome game and I only wish I had picked it up sooner! If you can handle the somewhat toxic community and the high skill cap, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the perfect first-person shooter and I recommend it!I'll start off by saying that I haven't played CS:GO all that much yet, but here are some of my first impressions of the game:

-The actual gameplay is flawless and it offers more than enough customization options to ensure your comfortability with the controls. There is also a huge abundance of guns, maps and unique game types to pick from.

-I'm sure a lot of people are discouraged by the extremely high skill cap but I feel that the game's increased difficulty, relative to other first-person shooters, makes it much more rewarding. It is way more satisfying when you do finally get the hang of it.

-I typically don't pay any attention to the chat/voice communication in multiplayer games such as this, but I quietly observed it from time to time for the sake of this review. I can tell you that just like in many other games, the community can be pretty toxic towards new players and just in general. Ignore the rage and you'll be fine.

-CS:GO has a workshop with tons of community made maps that introduce unique game-modes and styles. It goes without saying that this adds hours, maybe even days, to the replayability and allows you as the player to better customize the way you play and enjoy the game.

Overall, it's an awesome game and I only wish I had picked it up sooner! If you can handle the somewhat toxic community and the high skill cap, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the perfect first-person shooter and I recommend it!I'll start off by saying that I haven't played CS:GO all that much yet, but here are some of my first impressions of the game:

-The actual gameplay is flawless and it offers more than enough customization options to ensure your comfortability with the controls. There is also a huge abundance of guns, maps and unique game types to pick from.

-I'm sure a lot of people are discouraged by the extremely high skill cap but I feel that the game's increased difficulty, relative to other first-person shooters, makes it much more rewarding. It is way more satisfying when you do finally get the hang of it.

-I typically don't pay any attention to the chat/voice communication in multiplayer games such as this, but I quietly observed it from time to time for the sake of this review. I can tell you that just like in many other games, the community can be pretty toxic towards new players and just in general. Ignore the rage and you'll be fine.

-CS:GO has a workshop with tons of community made maps that introduce unique game-modes and styles. It goes without saying that this adds hours, maybe even days, to the replayability and allows you as the player to better customize the way you play and enjoy the game.

Overall, it's an awesome game and I only wish I had picked it up sooner! If you can handle the somewhat toxic community and the high skill cap, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the perfect first-person shooter and I recommend it!I'll start off by saying that I haven't played CS:GO all that much yet, but here are some of my first impressions of the game:

-The actual gameplay is flawless and it offers more than enough customization options to ensure your comfortability with the controls. There is also a huge abundance of guns, maps and unique game types to pick from.

-I'm sure a lot of people are discouraged by the extremely high skill cap but I feel that the game's increased difficulty, relative to other first-person shooters, makes it much more rewarding. It is way more satisfying when you do finally get the hang of it.

-I typically don't pay any attention to the chat/voice communication in multiplayer games such as this, but I quietly observed it from time to time for the sake of this review. I can tell you that just like in many other games, the community can be pretty toxic towards new players and just in general. Ignore the rage and you'll be fine.

-CS:GO has a workshop with tons of community made maps that introduce unique game-modes and styles. It goes without saying that this adds hours, maybe even days, to the replayability and allows you as the player to better customize the way you play and enjoy the game.

Overall, it's an awesome game and I only wish I had picked it up sooner! If you can handle the somewhat toxic community and the high skill cap, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the perfect first-person shooter and I recommend it!I'll start off by saying that I haven't played CS:GO all that much yet, but here are some of my first impressions of the game:

-The actual gameplay is flawless and it offers more than enough customization options to ensure your comfortability with the controls. There is also a huge abundance of guns, maps and unique game types to pick from.

-I'm sure a lot of people are discouraged by the extremely high skill cap but I feel that the game's increased difficulty, relative to other first-person shooters, makes it much more rewarding. It is way more satisfying when you do finally get the hang of it.

-I typically don't pay any attention to the chat/voice communication in multiplayer games such as this, but I quietly observed it from time to time for the sake of this review. I can tell you that just like in many other games, the community can be pretty toxic towards new players and just in general. Ignore the rage and you'll be fine.

-CS:GO has a workshop with tons of community made maps that introduce unique game-modes and styles. It goes without saying that this adds hours, maybe even days, to the replayability and allows you as the player to better customize the way you play and enjoy the game.

Overall, it's an awesome game and I only wish I had picked it up sooner! If you can handle the somewhat toxic community and the high skill cap, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the perfect first-person shooter and I recommend it!I'll start off by saying that I haven't played CS:GO all that much yet, but here are some of my first impressions of the game:

-The actual gameplay is flawless and it offers more than enough customization options to ensure your comfortability with the controls. There is also a huge abundance of guns, maps and unique game types to pick from.

-I'm sure a lot of people are discouraged by the extremely high skill cap but I feel that the game's increased difficulty, relative to other first-person shooters, makes it much more rewarding. It is way more satisfying when you do finally get the hang of it.

-I typically don't pay any attention to the chat/voice communication in multiplayer games such as this, but I quietly observed it from time to time for the sake of this review. I can tell you that just like in many other games, the community can be pretty toxic towards new players and just in general. Ignore the rage and you'll be fine.

-CS:GO has a workshop with tons of community made maps that introduce unique game-modes and styles. It goes without saying that this adds hours, maybe even days, to the replayability and allows you as the player to better customize the way you play and enjoy the game.

Overall, it's an awesome game and I only wish I had picked it up sooner! If you can handle the somewhat toxic community and the high skill cap, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the perfect first-person shooter and I recommend it!I'll start off by saying that I haven't played CS:GO all that much yet, but here are some of my first impressions of the game:

-The actual gameplay is flawless and it offers more than enough customization options to ensure your comfortability with the controls. There is also a huge abundance of guns, maps and unique game types to pick from.

-I'm sure a lot of people are discouraged by the extremely high skill cap but I feel that the game's increased difficulty, relative to other first-person shooters, makes it much more rewarding. It is way more satisfying when you do finally get the hang of it.

-I typically don't pay any attention to the chat/voice communication in multiplayer games such as this, but I quietly observed it from time to time for the sake of this review. I can tell you that just like in many other games, the community can be pretty toxic towards new players and just in general. Ignore the rage and you'll be fine.

-CS:GO has a workshop with tons of community made maps that introduce unique game-modes and styles. It goes without saying that this adds hours, maybe even days, to the replayability and allows you as the player to better customize the way you play and enjoy the game.

Overall, it's an awesome game and I only wish I had picked it up sooner! If you can handle the somewhat toxic community and the high skill cap, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the perfect first-person shooter and I recommend it!

Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a fuc**** noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a fuc**** noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a fuc**** hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a fuc**** idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you fuc**** idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a fuc**** coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you fuc**** idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You fuc**** camper!!"
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You fuc**** hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you fuc**** serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosinh and you are in last - Someone vote kicks you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Yout team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban

10/10
Best rage simulator out there!"

This game is:
10% lag
20% skill
15% hackers that cant even play
5% smurfs
50% pain
and 100% reason to uninstall the gameThis game is:
10% lag
20% skill
15% hackers that cant even play
5% smurfs
50% pain
and 100% reason to uninstall the gameThis game is:
10% lag
20% skill
15% hackers that cant even play
5% smurfs
50% pain
and 100% reason to uninstall the gameThis game is:
10% lag
20% skill
15% hackers that cant even play
5% smurfs
50% pain
and 100% reason to uninstall the gameThis game is:
10% lag
20% skill
15% hackers that cant even play
5% smurfs
50% pain
and 100% reason to uninstall the gameThis game is:
10% lag
20% skill
15% hackers that cant even play
5% smurfs
50% pain
and 100% reason to uninstall the gameThis game is:
10% lag
20% skill
15% hackers that cant even play
5% smurfs
50% pain
and 100% reason to uninstall the gameThis game is:
10% lag
20% skill
15% hackers that cant even play
5% smurfs
50% pain
and 100% reason to uninstall the gameThis game is:
10% lag
20% skill
15% hackers that cant even play
5% smurfs
50% pain
and 100% reason to uninstall the game

Revolvers ruined the game.Revolvers ruined the game.Revolvers ruined the game.Revolvers ruined the game.Revolvers ruined the game.Revolvers ruined the game.Revolvers ruined the game.Revolvers ruined the game.Revolvers ruined the game.

If you like first person shooters, look no further.  This one is by far one of the best online multiplayer  first person shooters I have ever played.

A game recommended for players with First Person Shooter" experience

Pros
+ Game Mechanics is not like other games
+ Different weapons with a totally different weapon recoil
+ Running and gunning with rifles don't work that well
+ No aim down sight on most weapons (sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ No prone (again sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ in resultIf you like first person shooters, look no further.  This one is by far one of the best online multiplayer  first person shooters I have ever played.

A game recommended for players with First Person Shooter" experience

Pros
+ Game Mechanics is not like other games
+ Different weapons with a totally different weapon recoil
+ Running and gunning with rifles don't work that well
+ No aim down sight on most weapons (sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ No prone (again sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ in resultIf you like first person shooters, look no further.  This one is by far one of the best online multiplayer  first person shooters I have ever played.

A game recommended for players with First Person Shooter" experience

Pros
+ Game Mechanics is not like other games
+ Different weapons with a totally different weapon recoil
+ Running and gunning with rifles don't work that well
+ No aim down sight on most weapons (sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ No prone (again sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ in resultIf you like first person shooters, look no further.  This one is by far one of the best online multiplayer  first person shooters I have ever played.

A game recommended for players with First Person Shooter" experience

Pros
+ Game Mechanics is not like other games
+ Different weapons with a totally different weapon recoil
+ Running and gunning with rifles don't work that well
+ No aim down sight on most weapons (sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ No prone (again sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ in resultIf you like first person shooters, look no further.  This one is by far one of the best online multiplayer  first person shooters I have ever played.

A game recommended for players with First Person Shooter" experience

Pros
+ Game Mechanics is not like other games
+ Different weapons with a totally different weapon recoil
+ Running and gunning with rifles don't work that well
+ No aim down sight on most weapons (sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ No prone (again sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ in resultIf you like first person shooters, look no further.  This one is by far one of the best online multiplayer  first person shooters I have ever played.

A game recommended for players with First Person Shooter" experience

Pros
+ Game Mechanics is not like other games
+ Different weapons with a totally different weapon recoil
+ Running and gunning with rifles don't work that well
+ No aim down sight on most weapons (sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ No prone (again sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ in resultIf you like first person shooters, look no further.  This one is by far one of the best online multiplayer  first person shooters I have ever played.

A game recommended for players with First Person Shooter" experience

Pros
+ Game Mechanics is not like other games
+ Different weapons with a totally different weapon recoil
+ Running and gunning with rifles don't work that well
+ No aim down sight on most weapons (sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ No prone (again sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ in resultIf you like first person shooters, look no further.  This one is by far one of the best online multiplayer  first person shooters I have ever played.

A game recommended for players with First Person Shooter" experience

Pros
+ Game Mechanics is not like other games
+ Different weapons with a totally different weapon recoil
+ Running and gunning with rifles don't work that well
+ No aim down sight on most weapons (sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ No prone (again sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ in resultIf you like first person shooters, look no further.  This one is by far one of the best online multiplayer  first person shooters I have ever played.

A game recommended for players with First Person Shooter" experience

Pros
+ Game Mechanics is not like other games
+ Different weapons with a totally different weapon recoil
+ Running and gunning with rifles don't work that well
+ No aim down sight on most weapons (sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ No prone (again sorry Call of Duty and Battlefield fans)
+ in result

add spraylogo!! and maybe flashlight=) better wallbanging would be nice etc. ..add spraylogo!! and maybe flashlight=) better wallbanging would be nice etc. ..add spraylogo!! and maybe flashlight=) better wallbanging would be nice etc. ..add spraylogo!! and maybe flashlight=) better wallbanging would be nice etc. ..add spraylogo!! and maybe flashlight=) better wallbanging would be nice etc. ..add spraylogo!! and maybe flashlight=) better wallbanging would be nice etc. ..add spraylogo!! and maybe flashlight=) better wallbanging would be nice etc. ..add spraylogo!! and maybe flashlight=) better wallbanging would be nice etc. ..add spraylogo!! and maybe flashlight=) better wallbanging would be nice etc. ..

8/88/88/88/88/88/88/88/88/8

Lets ignore the aggressive silvers and *cough* Russians *cough* and focus on some positive aspects:

Gameplay 9/10
The gameplay itself is on par with perfection, with customization options such as crosshair (shape, size, color ect), left or right handed play and of course the beautiful console interface which makes everything just THAT more simple. Very good :) Pixel-walkers will be shot.

Graphics 8/10
The graphics are very good, utilizing the source engine to it's full potential. Awesome maps, awesome scenery. Even skins that you can literally sell your soul for to make your play-style feel a little more... Classy. It better be worth it though because you're probably now homeless, because that FN Dragon Lore you just bought cost you a re-mortgage of your luxury condo.

Sound and voice acting 10/10
Beautiful sound, even back in Counter-Strike: Source, Valve has used awesome audio design, with a good quality pair of headphones, you can hear every step around you, so take advantage of it! The ability to sound  is amazing when you're 1v5 clutching and you hear 3 guys to your right and 2 to your left, but can determine their distance based on sound alone, amazing. They have done it right. The original CS:S voices such as the Terrorists Win" and "Counter-Terrorists Win" are still used in CS:GO today! Recently CSGO was updated with a new Audio CodecLets ignore the aggressive silvers and *cough* Russians *cough* and focus on some positive aspects:

Gameplay 9/10
The gameplay itself is on par with perfection, with customization options such as crosshair (shape, size, color ect), left or right handed play and of course the beautiful console interface which makes everything just THAT more simple. Very good :) Pixel-walkers will be shot.

Graphics 8/10
The graphics are very good, utilizing the source engine to it's full potential. Awesome maps, awesome scenery. Even skins that you can literally sell your soul for to make your play-style feel a little more... Classy. It better be worth it though because you're probably now homeless, because that FN Dragon Lore you just bought cost you a re-mortgage of your luxury condo.

Sound and voice acting 10/10
Beautiful sound, even back in Counter-Strike: Source, Valve has used awesome audio design, with a good quality pair of headphones, you can hear every step around you, so take advantage of it! The ability to sound  is amazing when you're 1v5 clutching and you hear 3 guys to your right and 2 to your left, but can determine their distance based on sound alone, amazing. They have done it right. The original CS:S voices such as the Terrorists Win" and "Counter-Terrorists Win" are still used in CS:GO today! Recently CSGO was updated with a new Audio CodecLets ignore the aggressive silvers and *cough* Russians *cough* and focus on some positive aspects:

Gameplay 9/10
The gameplay itself is on par with perfection, with customization options such as crosshair (shape, size, color ect), left or right handed play and of course the beautiful console interface which makes everything just THAT more simple. Very good :) Pixel-walkers will be shot.

Graphics 8/10
The graphics are very good, utilizing the source engine to it's full potential. Awesome maps, awesome scenery. Even skins that you can literally sell your soul for to make your play-style feel a little more... Classy. It better be worth it though because you're probably now homeless, because that FN Dragon Lore you just bought cost you a re-mortgage of your luxury condo.

Sound and voice acting 10/10
Beautiful sound, even back in Counter-Strike: Source, Valve has used awesome audio design, with a good quality pair of headphones, you can hear every step around you, so take advantage of it! The ability to sound  is amazing when you're 1v5 clutching and you hear 3 guys to your right and 2 to your left, but can determine their distance based on sound alone, amazing. They have done it right. The original CS:S voices such as the Terrorists Win" and "Counter-Terrorists Win" are still used in CS:GO today! Recently CSGO was updated with a new Audio CodecLets ignore the aggressive silvers and *cough* Russians *cough* and focus on some positive aspects:

Gameplay 9/10
The gameplay itself is on par with perfection, with customization options such as crosshair (shape, size, color ect), left or right handed play and of course the beautiful console interface which makes everything just THAT more simple. Very good :) Pixel-walkers will be shot.

Graphics 8/10
The graphics are very good, utilizing the source engine to it's full potential. Awesome maps, awesome scenery. Even skins that you can literally sell your soul for to make your play-style feel a little more... Classy. It better be worth it though because you're probably now homeless, because that FN Dragon Lore you just bought cost you a re-mortgage of your luxury condo.

Sound and voice acting 10/10
Beautiful sound, even back in Counter-Strike: Source, Valve has used awesome audio design, with a good quality pair of headphones, you can hear every step around you, so take advantage of it! The ability to sound  is amazing when you're 1v5 clutching and you hear 3 guys to your right and 2 to your left, but can determine their distance based on sound alone, amazing. They have done it right. The original CS:S voices such as the Terrorists Win" and "Counter-Terrorists Win" are still used in CS:GO today! Recently CSGO was updated with a new Audio CodecLets ignore the aggressive silvers and *cough* Russians *cough* and focus on some positive aspects:

Gameplay 9/10
The gameplay itself is on par with perfection, with customization options such as crosshair (shape, size, color ect), left or right handed play and of course the beautiful console interface which makes everything just THAT more simple. Very good :) Pixel-walkers will be shot.

Graphics 8/10
The graphics are very good, utilizing the source engine to it's full potential. Awesome maps, awesome scenery. Even skins that you can literally sell your soul for to make your play-style feel a little more... Classy. It better be worth it though because you're probably now homeless, because that FN Dragon Lore you just bought cost you a re-mortgage of your luxury condo.

Sound and voice acting 10/10
Beautiful sound, even back in Counter-Strike: Source, Valve has used awesome audio design, with a good quality pair of headphones, you can hear every step around you, so take advantage of it! The ability to sound  is amazing when you're 1v5 clutching and you hear 3 guys to your right and 2 to your left, but can determine their distance based on sound alone, amazing. They have done it right. The original CS:S voices such as the Terrorists Win" and "Counter-Terrorists Win" are still used in CS:GO today! Recently CSGO was updated with a new Audio CodecLets ignore the aggressive silvers and *cough* Russians *cough* and focus on some positive aspects:

Gameplay 9/10
The gameplay itself is on par with perfection, with customization options such as crosshair (shape, size, color ect), left or right handed play and of course the beautiful console interface which makes everything just THAT more simple. Very good :) Pixel-walkers will be shot.

Graphics 8/10
The graphics are very good, utilizing the source engine to it's full potential. Awesome maps, awesome scenery. Even skins that you can literally sell your soul for to make your play-style feel a little more... Classy. It better be worth it though because you're probably now homeless, because that FN Dragon Lore you just bought cost you a re-mortgage of your luxury condo.

Sound and voice acting 10/10
Beautiful sound, even back in Counter-Strike: Source, Valve has used awesome audio design, with a good quality pair of headphones, you can hear every step around you, so take advantage of it! The ability to sound  is amazing when you're 1v5 clutching and you hear 3 guys to your right and 2 to your left, but can determine their distance based on sound alone, amazing. They have done it right. The original CS:S voices such as the Terrorists Win" and "Counter-Terrorists Win" are still used in CS:GO today! Recently CSGO was updated with a new Audio CodecLets ignore the aggressive silvers and *cough* Russians *cough* and focus on some positive aspects:

Gameplay 9/10
The gameplay itself is on par with perfection, with customization options such as crosshair (shape, size, color ect), left or right handed play and of course the beautiful console interface which makes everything just THAT more simple. Very good :) Pixel-walkers will be shot.

Graphics 8/10
The graphics are very good, utilizing the source engine to it's full potential. Awesome maps, awesome scenery. Even skins that you can literally sell your soul for to make your play-style feel a little more... Classy. It better be worth it though because you're probably now homeless, because that FN Dragon Lore you just bought cost you a re-mortgage of your luxury condo.

Sound and voice acting 10/10
Beautiful sound, even back in Counter-Strike: Source, Valve has used awesome audio design, with a good quality pair of headphones, you can hear every step around you, so take advantage of it! The ability to sound  is amazing when you're 1v5 clutching and you hear 3 guys to your right and 2 to your left, but can determine their distance based on sound alone, amazing. They have done it right. The original CS:S voices such as the Terrorists Win" and "Counter-Terrorists Win" are still used in CS:GO today! Recently CSGO was updated with a new Audio CodecLets ignore the aggressive silvers and *cough* Russians *cough* and focus on some positive aspects:

Gameplay 9/10
The gameplay itself is on par with perfection, with customization options such as crosshair (shape, size, color ect), left or right handed play and of course the beautiful console interface which makes everything just THAT more simple. Very good :) Pixel-walkers will be shot.

Graphics 8/10
The graphics are very good, utilizing the source engine to it's full potential. Awesome maps, awesome scenery. Even skins that you can literally sell your soul for to make your play-style feel a little more... Classy. It better be worth it though because you're probably now homeless, because that FN Dragon Lore you just bought cost you a re-mortgage of your luxury condo.

Sound and voice acting 10/10
Beautiful sound, even back in Counter-Strike: Source, Valve has used awesome audio design, with a good quality pair of headphones, you can hear every step around you, so take advantage of it! The ability to sound  is amazing when you're 1v5 clutching and you hear 3 guys to your right and 2 to your left, but can determine their distance based on sound alone, amazing. They have done it right. The original CS:S voices such as the Terrorists Win" and "Counter-Terrorists Win" are still used in CS:GO today! Recently CSGO was updated with a new Audio CodecLets ignore the aggressive silvers and *cough* Russians *cough* and focus on some positive aspects:

Gameplay 9/10
The gameplay itself is on par with perfection, with customization options such as crosshair (shape, size, color ect), left or right handed play and of course the beautiful console interface which makes everything just THAT more simple. Very good :) Pixel-walkers will be shot.

Graphics 8/10
The graphics are very good, utilizing the source engine to it's full potential. Awesome maps, awesome scenery. Even skins that you can literally sell your soul for to make your play-style feel a little more... Classy. It better be worth it though because you're probably now homeless, because that FN Dragon Lore you just bought cost you a re-mortgage of your luxury condo.

Sound and voice acting 10/10
Beautiful sound, even back in Counter-Strike: Source, Valve has used awesome audio design, with a good quality pair of headphones, you can hear every step around you, so take advantage of it! The ability to sound  is amazing when you're 1v5 clutching and you hear 3 guys to your right and 2 to your left, but can determine their distance based on sound alone, amazing. They have done it right. The original CS:S voices such as the Terrorists Win" and "Counter-Terrorists Win" are still used in CS:GO today! Recently CSGO was updated with a new Audio Codec

Time to do a serious review, after playing this for 1.3k hours, I feel that this is the weakest of the counter-strike series. it feels like it has been dumbed down to appeal to a larger audience, and I dislike how the developers are heading with the game. the new version of de_nuke was the final straw for me, skill based movement was one of the main reasons why I played CS. bhopping on csgo isn't worth learning as they have made it rediculously inconsistent. Every skill jump from nuke has been removed. Perfomance has been getting worse and worse with every update, making the game to the point of unplayable on my below average computer, whereas in source i get a constant 180+. EU matchmaking is a hellhole with so many languages shouting at each other, and developers flat out refuse to add servers for language prefrences like in dota 2.

due to all these things , i have decided to go back to source as it still has a strong community. (albeit much smaller due to csgo taking the limelight.)Time to do a serious review, after playing this for 1.3k hours, I feel that this is the weakest of the counter-strike series. it feels like it has been dumbed down to appeal to a larger audience, and I dislike how the developers are heading with the game. the new version of de_nuke was the final straw for me, skill based movement was one of the main reasons why I played CS. bhopping on csgo isn't worth learning as they have made it rediculously inconsistent. Every skill jump from nuke has been removed. Perfomance has been getting worse and worse with every update, making the game to the point of unplayable on my below average computer, whereas in source i get a constant 180+. EU matchmaking is a hellhole with so many languages shouting at each other, and developers flat out refuse to add servers for language prefrences like in dota 2.

due to all these things , i have decided to go back to source as it still has a strong community. (albeit much smaller due to csgo taking the limelight.)Time to do a serious review, after playing this for 1.3k hours, I feel that this is the weakest of the counter-strike series. it feels like it has been dumbed down to appeal to a larger audience, and I dislike how the developers are heading with the game. the new version of de_nuke was the final straw for me, skill based movement was one of the main reasons why I played CS. bhopping on csgo isn't worth learning as they have made it rediculously inconsistent. Every skill jump from nuke has been removed. Perfomance has been getting worse and worse with every update, making the game to the point of unplayable on my below average computer, whereas in source i get a constant 180+. EU matchmaking is a hellhole with so many languages shouting at each other, and developers flat out refuse to add servers for language prefrences like in dota 2.

due to all these things , i have decided to go back to source as it still has a strong community. (albeit much smaller due to csgo taking the limelight.)Time to do a serious review, after playing this for 1.3k hours, I feel that this is the weakest of the counter-strike series. it feels like it has been dumbed down to appeal to a larger audience, and I dislike how the developers are heading with the game. the new version of de_nuke was the final straw for me, skill based movement was one of the main reasons why I played CS. bhopping on csgo isn't worth learning as they have made it rediculously inconsistent. Every skill jump from nuke has been removed. Perfomance has been getting worse and worse with every update, making the game to the point of unplayable on my below average computer, whereas in source i get a constant 180+. EU matchmaking is a hellhole with so many languages shouting at each other, and developers flat out refuse to add servers for language prefrences like in dota 2.

due to all these things , i have decided to go back to source as it still has a strong community. (albeit much smaller due to csgo taking the limelight.)Time to do a serious review, after playing this for 1.3k hours, I feel that this is the weakest of the counter-strike series. it feels like it has been dumbed down to appeal to a larger audience, and I dislike how the developers are heading with the game. the new version of de_nuke was the final straw for me, skill based movement was one of the main reasons why I played CS. bhopping on csgo isn't worth learning as they have made it rediculously inconsistent. Every skill jump from nuke has been removed. Perfomance has been getting worse and worse with every update, making the game to the point of unplayable on my below average computer, whereas in source i get a constant 180+. EU matchmaking is a hellhole with so many languages shouting at each other, and developers flat out refuse to add servers for language prefrences like in dota 2.

due to all these things , i have decided to go back to source as it still has a strong community. (albeit much smaller due to csgo taking the limelight.)Time to do a serious review, after playing this for 1.3k hours, I feel that this is the weakest of the counter-strike series. it feels like it has been dumbed down to appeal to a larger audience, and I dislike how the developers are heading with the game. the new version of de_nuke was the final straw for me, skill based movement was one of the main reasons why I played CS. bhopping on csgo isn't worth learning as they have made it rediculously inconsistent. Every skill jump from nuke has been removed. Perfomance has been getting worse and worse with every update, making the game to the point of unplayable on my below average computer, whereas in source i get a constant 180+. EU matchmaking is a hellhole with so many languages shouting at each other, and developers flat out refuse to add servers for language prefrences like in dota 2.

due to all these things , i have decided to go back to source as it still has a strong community. (albeit much smaller due to csgo taking the limelight.)Time to do a serious review, after playing this for 1.3k hours, I feel that this is the weakest of the counter-strike series. it feels like it has been dumbed down to appeal to a larger audience, and I dislike how the developers are heading with the game. the new version of de_nuke was the final straw for me, skill based movement was one of the main reasons why I played CS. bhopping on csgo isn't worth learning as they have made it rediculously inconsistent. Every skill jump from nuke has been removed. Perfomance has been getting worse and worse with every update, making the game to the point of unplayable on my below average computer, whereas in source i get a constant 180+. EU matchmaking is a hellhole with so many languages shouting at each other, and developers flat out refuse to add servers for language prefrences like in dota 2.

due to all these things , i have decided to go back to source as it still has a strong community. (albeit much smaller due to csgo taking the limelight.)Time to do a serious review, after playing this for 1.3k hours, I feel that this is the weakest of the counter-strike series. it feels like it has been dumbed down to appeal to a larger audience, and I dislike how the developers are heading with the game. the new version of de_nuke was the final straw for me, skill based movement was one of the main reasons why I played CS. bhopping on csgo isn't worth learning as they have made it rediculously inconsistent. Every skill jump from nuke has been removed. Perfomance has been getting worse and worse with every update, making the game to the point of unplayable on my below average computer, whereas in source i get a constant 180+. EU matchmaking is a hellhole with so many languages shouting at each other, and developers flat out refuse to add servers for language prefrences like in dota 2.

due to all these things , i have decided to go back to source as it still has a strong community. (albeit much smaller due to csgo taking the limelight.)Time to do a serious review, after playing this for 1.3k hours, I feel that this is the weakest of the counter-strike series. it feels like it has been dumbed down to appeal to a larger audience, and I dislike how the developers are heading with the game. the new version of de_nuke was the final straw for me, skill based movement was one of the main reasons why I played CS. bhopping on csgo isn't worth learning as they have made it rediculously inconsistent. Every skill jump from nuke has been removed. Perfomance has been getting worse and worse with every update, making the game to the point of unplayable on my below average computer, whereas in source i get a constant 180+. EU matchmaking is a hellhole with so many languages shouting at each other, and developers flat out refuse to add servers for language prefrences like in dota 2.

due to all these things , i have decided to go back to source as it still has a strong community. (albeit much smaller due to csgo taking the limelight.)

IM DONE WITH THIS GAME!!IM DONE WITH THIS GAME!!IM DONE WITH THIS GAME!!IM DONE WITH THIS GAME!!IM DONE WITH THIS GAME!!IM DONE WITH THIS GAME!!IM DONE WITH THIS GAME!!IM DONE WITH THIS GAME!!IM DONE WITH THIS GAME!!

You will rage... Like alot.You will rage... Like alot.You will rage... Like alot.You will rage... Like alot.You will rage... Like alot.You will rage... Like alot.You will rage... Like alot.You will rage... Like alot.You will rage... Like alot.

It's like call of duty with guns" - IGN"It's like call of duty with guns" - IGN"It's like call of duty with guns" - IGN"It's like call of duty with guns" - IGN"It's like call of duty with guns" - IGN"It's like call of duty with guns" - IGN"It's like call of duty with guns" - IGN"It's like call of duty with guns" - IGN"It's like call of duty with guns" - IGN"

nonononononononono

I've always had a hard time quitting this game. But now the update with the R8 Revolver made it really easyI've always had a hard time quitting this game. But now the update with the R8 Revolver made it really easyI've always had a hard time quitting this game. But now the update with the R8 Revolver made it really easyI've always had a hard time quitting this game. But now the update with the R8 Revolver made it really easyI've always had a hard time quitting this game. But now the update with the R8 Revolver made it really easyI've always had a hard time quitting this game. But now the update with the R8 Revolver made it really easyI've always had a hard time quitting this game. But now the update with the R8 Revolver made it really easyI've always had a hard time quitting this game. But now the update with the R8 Revolver made it really easyI've always had a hard time quitting this game. But now the update with the R8 Revolver made it really easy

It needs func_vehicle.  Seriously it needs func_vehicle     FUNC_VEHICLE NOW, FUNC_VEHICLE FOREVER!   LONG LIVE FUNC_VEHICLE!  FUNC_VEHICLE  FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLEIt needs func_vehicle.  Seriously it needs func_vehicle     FUNC_VEHICLE NOW, FUNC_VEHICLE FOREVER!   LONG LIVE FUNC_VEHICLE!  FUNC_VEHICLE  FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLEIt needs func_vehicle.  Seriously it needs func_vehicle     FUNC_VEHICLE NOW, FUNC_VEHICLE FOREVER!   LONG LIVE FUNC_VEHICLE!  FUNC_VEHICLE  FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLEIt needs func_vehicle.  Seriously it needs func_vehicle     FUNC_VEHICLE NOW, FUNC_VEHICLE FOREVER!   LONG LIVE FUNC_VEHICLE!  FUNC_VEHICLE  FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLEIt needs func_vehicle.  Seriously it needs func_vehicle     FUNC_VEHICLE NOW, FUNC_VEHICLE FOREVER!   LONG LIVE FUNC_VEHICLE!  FUNC_VEHICLE  FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLEIt needs func_vehicle.  Seriously it needs func_vehicle     FUNC_VEHICLE NOW, FUNC_VEHICLE FOREVER!   LONG LIVE FUNC_VEHICLE!  FUNC_VEHICLE  FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLEIt needs func_vehicle.  Seriously it needs func_vehicle     FUNC_VEHICLE NOW, FUNC_VEHICLE FOREVER!   LONG LIVE FUNC_VEHICLE!  FUNC_VEHICLE  FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLEIt needs func_vehicle.  Seriously it needs func_vehicle     FUNC_VEHICLE NOW, FUNC_VEHICLE FOREVER!   LONG LIVE FUNC_VEHICLE!  FUNC_VEHICLE  FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLEIt needs func_vehicle.  Seriously it needs func_vehicle     FUNC_VEHICLE NOW, FUNC_VEHICLE FOREVER!   LONG LIVE FUNC_VEHICLE!  FUNC_VEHICLE  FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE FUNC_VEHICLE

A game when you get connection problem every single match, play with smurfs, hackers and annoying kids every time, and VAC doesn't work.
1/10
Only worth for private matches, public is just cancerA game when you get connection problem every single match, play with smurfs, hackers and annoying kids every time, and VAC doesn't work.
1/10
Only worth for private matches, public is just cancerA game when you get connection problem every single match, play with smurfs, hackers and annoying kids every time, and VAC doesn't work.
1/10
Only worth for private matches, public is just cancerA game when you get connection problem every single match, play with smurfs, hackers and annoying kids every time, and VAC doesn't work.
1/10
Only worth for private matches, public is just cancerA game when you get connection problem every single match, play with smurfs, hackers and annoying kids every time, and VAC doesn't work.
1/10
Only worth for private matches, public is just cancerA game when you get connection problem every single match, play with smurfs, hackers and annoying kids every time, and VAC doesn't work.
1/10
Only worth for private matches, public is just cancerA game when you get connection problem every single match, play with smurfs, hackers and annoying kids every time, and VAC doesn't work.
1/10
Only worth for private matches, public is just cancerA game when you get connection problem every single match, play with smurfs, hackers and annoying kids every time, and VAC doesn't work.
1/10
Only worth for private matches, public is just cancerA game when you get connection problem every single match, play with smurfs, hackers and annoying kids every time, and VAC doesn't work.
1/10
Only worth for private matches, public is just cancer

It's hard to argue that this game is probably the best CS release since 1.6. Some will disagree, might argue Source is a better game and they will have their own valid points. In my opinion this game is a true sequel. It brings the fun and nostalgia from the earlier versions of CS, the same flowing game play that made it popular and the heavy emphasis on team game play. It mates the old with the new; the expectations that a FPS be somewhat realistic if not fun to play. It's a modern game; it looks and plays like modern games should but it all looks a bit familiar, like the hot girl from years past that you bump into 10 years later.

CS:GO is more technical and team oriented than previous games in the series. Shooting, movement, sound and grenades are completely different and you have to master them once again. Weapons now have a purpose - there's a reason to buy the 5-7 and P250, as well as the MP5 replacement, MP7. Team play is just as important as the economy; once you lose it there's no coming back.

It's a demanding skills based that's as satisfying as any CS title has been.

Pros:
- Updated maps, visuals & sounds
- Emphasis on team play
- Valve online matchmaking as well as valve casual servers
- Extensive customisability & player drops
- More realistic player and game behaviour
- CS:GO workshop
- Pro players
- Active development and regular updates
- Listens to community
- Low-end modern PC requirements for top quality & top resolution

Cons:
- Gungame isn't the same as CS:S
- Because of different skills & tactics, CS:S players will feel like it's a familiar but new game. Skills are transferrable one way, not so much the other; when you play CS:S after CS:GO it will feel and sound like you're playing underwater.
- Sound still seems like an afterthought
- You will need to upgrade your video card to something made in the last 3 years if you want something that's playable and looks good

Ratings:
Graphics: 8.5/10, far improved on previous models but there's still room for improvement
Sound: 8/10, feels like an after-thought, if there's one complaint I have about the game it is that the sound quality and engine just isn't good enough
Gameplay: 9.5/10, excellent and extremely playable game with very high replayability
Overall: 8.5/10, it's a great game and could easily be 9.5 out of 10 with improved audio and slight improvements in visual quality. It's a modern twist on an old classic.

Footnote:
I lost my way with CS after CS:S and I turned to a variety of other games. Battlefield 1942/2142/2/3, Tom Clancy Rainbow 6, America's Army 2/3/PG. Before then I was an avid player of CS and I would play up to 100 hours per month. When I played CS 10 years ago I always asked, why can't this game be a little more realistic? Why can't they stop people from shooting through 3 walls 20 metres apart and killing with me an awp? Why do grenades act like balloons and float through the air? I can't really emphasise how happy I am that a lot of what shouldn't happen has been removed and the overall quality of visuals, sound and game play has been improved.

In the first month of playing I managed to rack up 200 hours of gameplay and I've started contributing back to the community with maps.It's hard to argue that this game is probably the best CS release since 1.6. Some will disagree, might argue Source is a better game and they will have their own valid points. In my opinion this game is a true sequel. It brings the fun and nostalgia from the earlier versions of CS, the same flowing game play that made it popular and the heavy emphasis on team game play. It mates the old with the new; the expectations that a FPS be somewhat realistic if not fun to play. It's a modern game; it looks and plays like modern games should but it all looks a bit familiar, like the hot girl from years past that you bump into 10 years later.

CS:GO is more technical and team oriented than previous games in the series. Shooting, movement, sound and grenades are completely different and you have to master them once again. Weapons now have a purpose - there's a reason to buy the 5-7 and P250, as well as the MP5 replacement, MP7. Team play is just as important as the economy; once you lose it there's no coming back.

It's a demanding skills based that's as satisfying as any CS title has been.

Pros:
- Updated maps, visuals & sounds
- Emphasis on team play
- Valve online matchmaking as well as valve casual servers
- Extensive customisability & player drops
- More realistic player and game behaviour
- CS:GO workshop
- Pro players
- Active development and regular updates
- Listens to community
- Low-end modern PC requirements for top quality & top resolution

Cons:
- Gungame isn't the same as CS:S
- Because of different skills & tactics, CS:S players will feel like it's a familiar but new game. Skills are transferrable one way, not so much the other; when you play CS:S after CS:GO it will feel and sound like you're playing underwater.
- Sound still seems like an afterthought
- You will need to upgrade your video card to something made in the last 3 years if you want something that's playable and looks good

Ratings:
Graphics: 8.5/10, far improved on previous models but there's still room for improvement
Sound: 8/10, feels like an after-thought, if there's one complaint I have about the game it is that the sound quality and engine just isn't good enough
Gameplay: 9.5/10, excellent and extremely playable game with very high replayability
Overall: 8.5/10, it's a great game and could easily be 9.5 out of 10 with improved audio and slight improvements in visual quality. It's a modern twist on an old classic.

Footnote:
I lost my way with CS after CS:S and I turned to a variety of other games. Battlefield 1942/2142/2/3, Tom Clancy Rainbow 6, America's Army 2/3/PG. Before then I was an avid player of CS and I would play up to 100 hours per month. When I played CS 10 years ago I always asked, why can't this game be a little more realistic? Why can't they stop people from shooting through 3 walls 20 metres apart and killing with me an awp? Why do grenades act like balloons and float through the air? I can't really emphasise how happy I am that a lot of what shouldn't happen has been removed and the overall quality of visuals, sound and game play has been improved.

In the first month of playing I managed to rack up 200 hours of gameplay and I've started contributing back to the community with maps.It's hard to argue that this game is probably the best CS release since 1.6. Some will disagree, might argue Source is a better game and they will have their own valid points. In my opinion this game is a true sequel. It brings the fun and nostalgia from the earlier versions of CS, the same flowing game play that made it popular and the heavy emphasis on team game play. It mates the old with the new; the expectations that a FPS be somewhat realistic if not fun to play. It's a modern game; it looks and plays like modern games should but it all looks a bit familiar, like the hot girl from years past that you bump into 10 years later.

CS:GO is more technical and team oriented than previous games in the series. Shooting, movement, sound and grenades are completely different and you have to master them once again. Weapons now have a purpose - there's a reason to buy the 5-7 and P250, as well as the MP5 replacement, MP7. Team play is just as important as the economy; once you lose it there's no coming back.

It's a demanding skills based that's as satisfying as any CS title has been.

Pros:
- Updated maps, visuals & sounds
- Emphasis on team play
- Valve online matchmaking as well as valve casual servers
- Extensive customisability & player drops
- More realistic player and game behaviour
- CS:GO workshop
- Pro players
- Active development and regular updates
- Listens to community
- Low-end modern PC requirements for top quality & top resolution

Cons:
- Gungame isn't the same as CS:S
- Because of different skills & tactics, CS:S players will feel like it's a familiar but new game. Skills are transferrable one way, not so much the other; when you play CS:S after CS:GO it will feel and sound like you're playing underwater.
- Sound still seems like an afterthought
- You will need to upgrade your video card to something made in the last 3 years if you want something that's playable and looks good

Ratings:
Graphics: 8.5/10, far improved on previous models but there's still room for improvement
Sound: 8/10, feels like an after-thought, if there's one complaint I have about the game it is that the sound quality and engine just isn't good enough
Gameplay: 9.5/10, excellent and extremely playable game with very high replayability
Overall: 8.5/10, it's a great game and could easily be 9.5 out of 10 with improved audio and slight improvements in visual quality. It's a modern twist on an old classic.

Footnote:
I lost my way with CS after CS:S and I turned to a variety of other games. Battlefield 1942/2142/2/3, Tom Clancy Rainbow 6, America's Army 2/3/PG. Before then I was an avid player of CS and I would play up to 100 hours per month. When I played CS 10 years ago I always asked, why can't this game be a little more realistic? Why can't they stop people from shooting through 3 walls 20 metres apart and killing with me an awp? Why do grenades act like balloons and float through the air? I can't really emphasise how happy I am that a lot of what shouldn't happen has been removed and the overall quality of visuals, sound and game play has been improved.

In the first month of playing I managed to rack up 200 hours of gameplay and I've started contributing back to the community with maps.It's hard to argue that this game is probably the best CS release since 1.6. Some will disagree, might argue Source is a better game and they will have their own valid points. In my opinion this game is a true sequel. It brings the fun and nostalgia from the earlier versions of CS, the same flowing game play that made it popular and the heavy emphasis on team game play. It mates the old with the new; the expectations that a FPS be somewhat realistic if not fun to play. It's a modern game; it looks and plays like modern games should but it all looks a bit familiar, like the hot girl from years past that you bump into 10 years later.

CS:GO is more technical and team oriented than previous games in the series. Shooting, movement, sound and grenades are completely different and you have to master them once again. Weapons now have a purpose - there's a reason to buy the 5-7 and P250, as well as the MP5 replacement, MP7. Team play is just as important as the economy; once you lose it there's no coming back.

It's a demanding skills based that's as satisfying as any CS title has been.

Pros:
- Updated maps, visuals & sounds
- Emphasis on team play
- Valve online matchmaking as well as valve casual servers
- Extensive customisability & player drops
- More realistic player and game behaviour
- CS:GO workshop
- Pro players
- Active development and regular updates
- Listens to community
- Low-end modern PC requirements for top quality & top resolution

Cons:
- Gungame isn't the same as CS:S
- Because of different skills & tactics, CS:S players will feel like it's a familiar but new game. Skills are transferrable one way, not so much the other; when you play CS:S after CS:GO it will feel and sound like you're playing underwater.
- Sound still seems like an afterthought
- You will need to upgrade your video card to something made in the last 3 years if you want something that's playable and looks good

Ratings:
Graphics: 8.5/10, far improved on previous models but there's still room for improvement
Sound: 8/10, feels like an after-thought, if there's one complaint I have about the game it is that the sound quality and engine just isn't good enough
Gameplay: 9.5/10, excellent and extremely playable game with very high replayability
Overall: 8.5/10, it's a great game and could easily be 9.5 out of 10 with improved audio and slight improvements in visual quality. It's a modern twist on an old classic.

Footnote:
I lost my way with CS after CS:S and I turned to a variety of other games. Battlefield 1942/2142/2/3, Tom Clancy Rainbow 6, America's Army 2/3/PG. Before then I was an avid player of CS and I would play up to 100 hours per month. When I played CS 10 years ago I always asked, why can't this game be a little more realistic? Why can't they stop people from shooting through 3 walls 20 metres apart and killing with me an awp? Why do grenades act like balloons and float through the air? I can't really emphasise how happy I am that a lot of what shouldn't happen has been removed and the overall quality of visuals, sound and game play has been improved.

In the first month of playing I managed to rack up 200 hours of gameplay and I've started contributing back to the community with maps.It's hard to argue that this game is probably the best CS release since 1.6. Some will disagree, might argue Source is a better game and they will have their own valid points. In my opinion this game is a true sequel. It brings the fun and nostalgia from the earlier versions of CS, the same flowing game play that made it popular and the heavy emphasis on team game play. It mates the old with the new; the expectations that a FPS be somewhat realistic if not fun to play. It's a modern game; it looks and plays like modern games should but it all looks a bit familiar, like the hot girl from years past that you bump into 10 years later.

CS:GO is more technical and team oriented than previous games in the series. Shooting, movement, sound and grenades are completely different and you have to master them once again. Weapons now have a purpose - there's a reason to buy the 5-7 and P250, as well as the MP5 replacement, MP7. Team play is just as important as the economy; once you lose it there's no coming back.

It's a demanding skills based that's as satisfying as any CS title has been.

Pros:
- Updated maps, visuals & sounds
- Emphasis on team play
- Valve online matchmaking as well as valve casual servers
- Extensive customisability & player drops
- More realistic player and game behaviour
- CS:GO workshop
- Pro players
- Active development and regular updates
- Listens to community
- Low-end modern PC requirements for top quality & top resolution

Cons:
- Gungame isn't the same as CS:S
- Because of different skills & tactics, CS:S players will feel like it's a familiar but new game. Skills are transferrable one way, not so much the other; when you play CS:S after CS:GO it will feel and sound like you're playing underwater.
- Sound still seems like an afterthought
- You will need to upgrade your video card to something made in the last 3 years if you want something that's playable and looks good

Ratings:
Graphics: 8.5/10, far improved on previous models but there's still room for improvement
Sound: 8/10, feels like an after-thought, if there's one complaint I have about the game it is that the sound quality and engine just isn't good enough
Gameplay: 9.5/10, excellent and extremely playable game with very high replayability
Overall: 8.5/10, it's a great game and could easily be 9.5 out of 10 with improved audio and slight improvements in visual quality. It's a modern twist on an old classic.

Footnote:
I lost my way with CS after CS:S and I turned to a variety of other games. Battlefield 1942/2142/2/3, Tom Clancy Rainbow 6, America's Army 2/3/PG. Before then I was an avid player of CS and I would play up to 100 hours per month. When I played CS 10 years ago I always asked, why can't this game be a little more realistic? Why can't they stop people from shooting through 3 walls 20 metres apart and killing with me an awp? Why do grenades act like balloons and float through the air? I can't really emphasise how happy I am that a lot of what shouldn't happen has been removed and the overall quality of visuals, sound and game play has been improved.

In the first month of playing I managed to rack up 200 hours of gameplay and I've started contributing back to the community with maps.It's hard to argue that this game is probably the best CS release since 1.6. Some will disagree, might argue Source is a better game and they will have their own valid points. In my opinion this game is a true sequel. It brings the fun and nostalgia from the earlier versions of CS, the same flowing game play that made it popular and the heavy emphasis on team game play. It mates the old with the new; the expectations that a FPS be somewhat realistic if not fun to play. It's a modern game; it looks and plays like modern games should but it all looks a bit familiar, like the hot girl from years past that you bump into 10 years later.

CS:GO is more technical and team oriented than previous games in the series. Shooting, movement, sound and grenades are completely different and you have to master them once again. Weapons now have a purpose - there's a reason to buy the 5-7 and P250, as well as the MP5 replacement, MP7. Team play is just as important as the economy; once you lose it there's no coming back.

It's a demanding skills based that's as satisfying as any CS title has been.

Pros:
- Updated maps, visuals & sounds
- Emphasis on team play
- Valve online matchmaking as well as valve casual servers
- Extensive customisability & player drops
- More realistic player and game behaviour
- CS:GO workshop
- Pro players
- Active development and regular updates
- Listens to community
- Low-end modern PC requirements for top quality & top resolution

Cons:
- Gungame isn't the same as CS:S
- Because of different skills & tactics, CS:S players will feel like it's a familiar but new game. Skills are transferrable one way, not so much the other; when you play CS:S after CS:GO it will feel and sound like you're playing underwater.
- Sound still seems like an afterthought
- You will need to upgrade your video card to something made in the last 3 years if you want something that's playable and looks good

Ratings:
Graphics: 8.5/10, far improved on previous models but there's still room for improvement
Sound: 8/10, feels like an after-thought, if there's one complaint I have about the game it is that the sound quality and engine just isn't good enough
Gameplay: 9.5/10, excellent and extremely playable game with very high replayability
Overall: 8.5/10, it's a great game and could easily be 9.5 out of 10 with improved audio and slight improvements in visual quality. It's a modern twist on an old classic.

Footnote:
I lost my way with CS after CS:S and I turned to a variety of other games. Battlefield 1942/2142/2/3, Tom Clancy Rainbow 6, America's Army 2/3/PG. Before then I was an avid player of CS and I would play up to 100 hours per month. When I played CS 10 years ago I always asked, why can't this game be a little more realistic? Why can't they stop people from shooting through 3 walls 20 metres apart and killing with me an awp? Why do grenades act like balloons and float through the air? I can't really emphasise how happy I am that a lot of what shouldn't happen has been removed and the overall quality of visuals, sound and game play has been improved.

In the first month of playing I managed to rack up 200 hours of gameplay and I've started contributing back to the community with maps.It's hard to argue that this game is probably the best CS release since 1.6. Some will disagree, might argue Source is a better game and they will have their own valid points. In my opinion this game is a true sequel. It brings the fun and nostalgia from the earlier versions of CS, the same flowing game play that made it popular and the heavy emphasis on team game play. It mates the old with the new; the expectations that a FPS be somewhat realistic if not fun to play. It's a modern game; it looks and plays like modern games should but it all looks a bit familiar, like the hot girl from years past that you bump into 10 years later.

CS:GO is more technical and team oriented than previous games in the series. Shooting, movement, sound and grenades are completely different and you have to master them once again. Weapons now have a purpose - there's a reason to buy the 5-7 and P250, as well as the MP5 replacement, MP7. Team play is just as important as the economy; once you lose it there's no coming back.

It's a demanding skills based that's as satisfying as any CS title has been.

Pros:
- Updated maps, visuals & sounds
- Emphasis on team play
- Valve online matchmaking as well as valve casual servers
- Extensive customisability & player drops
- More realistic player and game behaviour
- CS:GO workshop
- Pro players
- Active development and regular updates
- Listens to community
- Low-end modern PC requirements for top quality & top resolution

Cons:
- Gungame isn't the same as CS:S
- Because of different skills & tactics, CS:S players will feel like it's a familiar but new game. Skills are transferrable one way, not so much the other; when you play CS:S after CS:GO it will feel and sound like you're playing underwater.
- Sound still seems like an afterthought
- You will need to upgrade your video card to something made in the last 3 years if you want something that's playable and looks good

Ratings:
Graphics: 8.5/10, far improved on previous models but there's still room for improvement
Sound: 8/10, feels like an after-thought, if there's one complaint I have about the game it is that the sound quality and engine just isn't good enough
Gameplay: 9.5/10, excellent and extremely playable game with very high replayability
Overall: 8.5/10, it's a great game and could easily be 9.5 out of 10 with improved audio and slight improvements in visual quality. It's a modern twist on an old classic.

Footnote:
I lost my way with CS after CS:S and I turned to a variety of other games. Battlefield 1942/2142/2/3, Tom Clancy Rainbow 6, America's Army 2/3/PG. Before then I was an avid player of CS and I would play up to 100 hours per month. When I played CS 10 years ago I always asked, why can't this game be a little more realistic? Why can't they stop people from shooting through 3 walls 20 metres apart and killing with me an awp? Why do grenades act like balloons and float through the air? I can't really emphasise how happy I am that a lot of what shouldn't happen has been removed and the overall quality of visuals, sound and game play has been improved.

In the first month of playing I managed to rack up 200 hours of gameplay and I've started contributing back to the community with maps.It's hard to argue that this game is probably the best CS release since 1.6. Some will disagree, might argue Source is a better game and they will have their own valid points. In my opinion this game is a true sequel. It brings the fun and nostalgia from the earlier versions of CS, the same flowing game play that made it popular and the heavy emphasis on team game play. It mates the old with the new; the expectations that a FPS be somewhat realistic if not fun to play. It's a modern game; it looks and plays like modern games should but it all looks a bit familiar, like the hot girl from years past that you bump into 10 years later.

CS:GO is more technical and team oriented than previous games in the series. Shooting, movement, sound and grenades are completely different and you have to master them once again. Weapons now have a purpose - there's a reason to buy the 5-7 and P250, as well as the MP5 replacement, MP7. Team play is just as important as the economy; once you lose it there's no coming back.

It's a demanding skills based that's as satisfying as any CS title has been.

Pros:
- Updated maps, visuals & sounds
- Emphasis on team play
- Valve online matchmaking as well as valve casual servers
- Extensive customisability & player drops
- More realistic player and game behaviour
- CS:GO workshop
- Pro players
- Active development and regular updates
- Listens to community
- Low-end modern PC requirements for top quality & top resolution

Cons:
- Gungame isn't the same as CS:S
- Because of different skills & tactics, CS:S players will feel like it's a familiar but new game. Skills are transferrable one way, not so much the other; when you play CS:S after CS:GO it will feel and sound like you're playing underwater.
- Sound still seems like an afterthought
- You will need to upgrade your video card to something made in the last 3 years if you want something that's playable and looks good

Ratings:
Graphics: 8.5/10, far improved on previous models but there's still room for improvement
Sound: 8/10, feels like an after-thought, if there's one complaint I have about the game it is that the sound quality and engine just isn't good enough
Gameplay: 9.5/10, excellent and extremely playable game with very high replayability
Overall: 8.5/10, it's a great game and could easily be 9.5 out of 10 with improved audio and slight improvements in visual quality. It's a modern twist on an old classic.

Footnote:
I lost my way with CS after CS:S and I turned to a variety of other games. Battlefield 1942/2142/2/3, Tom Clancy Rainbow 6, America's Army 2/3/PG. Before then I was an avid player of CS and I would play up to 100 hours per month. When I played CS 10 years ago I always asked, why can't this game be a little more realistic? Why can't they stop people from shooting through 3 walls 20 metres apart and killing with me an awp? Why do grenades act like balloons and float through the air? I can't really emphasise how happy I am that a lot of what shouldn't happen has been removed and the overall quality of visuals, sound and game play has been improved.

In the first month of playing I managed to rack up 200 hours of gameplay and I've started contributing back to the community with maps.It's hard to argue that this game is probably the best CS release since 1.6. Some will disagree, might argue Source is a better game and they will have their own valid points. In my opinion this game is a true sequel. It brings the fun and nostalgia from the earlier versions of CS, the same flowing game play that made it popular and the heavy emphasis on team game play. It mates the old with the new; the expectations that a FPS be somewhat realistic if not fun to play. It's a modern game; it looks and plays like modern games should but it all looks a bit familiar, like the hot girl from years past that you bump into 10 years later.

CS:GO is more technical and team oriented than previous games in the series. Shooting, movement, sound and grenades are completely different and you have to master them once again. Weapons now have a purpose - there's a reason to buy the 5-7 and P250, as well as the MP5 replacement, MP7. Team play is just as important as the economy; once you lose it there's no coming back.

It's a demanding skills based that's as satisfying as any CS title has been.

Pros:
- Updated maps, visuals & sounds
- Emphasis on team play
- Valve online matchmaking as well as valve casual servers
- Extensive customisability & player drops
- More realistic player and game behaviour
- CS:GO workshop
- Pro players
- Active development and regular updates
- Listens to community
- Low-end modern PC requirements for top quality & top resolution

Cons:
- Gungame isn't the same as CS:S
- Because of different skills & tactics, CS:S players will feel like it's a familiar but new game. Skills are transferrable one way, not so much the other; when you play CS:S after CS:GO it will feel and sound like you're playing underwater.
- Sound still seems like an afterthought
- You will need to upgrade your video card to something made in the last 3 years if you want something that's playable and looks good

Ratings:
Graphics: 8.5/10, far improved on previous models but there's still room for improvement
Sound: 8/10, feels like an after-thought, if there's one complaint I have about the game it is that the sound quality and engine just isn't good enough
Gameplay: 9.5/10, excellent and extremely playable game with very high replayability
Overall: 8.5/10, it's a great game and could easily be 9.5 out of 10 with improved audio and slight improvements in visual quality. It's a modern twist on an old classic.

Footnote:
I lost my way with CS after CS:S and I turned to a variety of other games. Battlefield 1942/2142/2/3, Tom Clancy Rainbow 6, America's Army 2/3/PG. Before then I was an avid player of CS and I would play up to 100 hours per month. When I played CS 10 years ago I always asked, why can't this game be a little more realistic? Why can't they stop people from shooting through 3 walls 20 metres apart and killing with me an awp? Why do grenades act like balloons and float through the air? I can't really emphasise how happy I am that a lot of what shouldn't happen has been removed and the overall quality of visuals, sound and game play has been improved.

In the first month of playing I managed to rack up 200 hours of gameplay and I've started contributing back to the community with maps.

You can become a millionaire in this game

8/10You can become a millionaire in this game

8/10You can become a millionaire in this game

8/10You can become a millionaire in this game

8/10You can become a millionaire in this game

8/10You can become a millionaire in this game

8/10You can become a millionaire in this game

8/10You can become a millionaire in this game

8/10You can become a millionaire in this game

8/10

You want a good, tightly balanced, classic online PvP shooter. You're prepared to deal with idiocy, extremely childish behaviour, herd insinct, insults, harassment, copious amounts of griefing, high-pitched teenager voices bossing you around and boasting about intercourse with your mother. You realize the team is just an excuse to boost your ego if you're carrying it or to boost your rank if you're getting carried, as actual teamwork is a rather foreign concept to this game. You're already fed up with CoD. Also you are male, or willing to pretend. Go crazy, this is just the game for you.

If on the other hand, you're looking for fruitful teamplay, if you expect adult-like behaviour, a respectfully competitive environment that gives you a chance to learn and improve, communication with deeper vocabulary than gg ez rekt" and " ur mom"You want a good, tightly balanced, classic online PvP shooter. You're prepared to deal with idiocy, extremely childish behaviour, herd insinct, insults, harassment, copious amounts of griefing, high-pitched teenager voices bossing you around and boasting about intercourse with your mother. You realize the team is just an excuse to boost your ego if you're carrying it or to boost your rank if you're getting carried, as actual teamwork is a rather foreign concept to this game. You're already fed up with CoD. Also you are male, or willing to pretend. Go crazy, this is just the game for you.

If on the other hand, you're looking for fruitful teamplay, if you expect adult-like behaviour, a respectfully competitive environment that gives you a chance to learn and improve, communication with deeper vocabulary than gg ez rekt" and " ur mom"You want a good, tightly balanced, classic online PvP shooter. You're prepared to deal with idiocy, extremely childish behaviour, herd insinct, insults, harassment, copious amounts of griefing, high-pitched teenager voices bossing you around and boasting about intercourse with your mother. You realize the team is just an excuse to boost your ego if you're carrying it or to boost your rank if you're getting carried, as actual teamwork is a rather foreign concept to this game. You're already fed up with CoD. Also you are male, or willing to pretend. Go crazy, this is just the game for you.

If on the other hand, you're looking for fruitful teamplay, if you expect adult-like behaviour, a respectfully competitive environment that gives you a chance to learn and improve, communication with deeper vocabulary than gg ez rekt" and " ur mom"You want a good, tightly balanced, classic online PvP shooter. You're prepared to deal with idiocy, extremely childish behaviour, herd insinct, insults, harassment, copious amounts of griefing, high-pitched teenager voices bossing you around and boasting about intercourse with your mother. You realize the team is just an excuse to boost your ego if you're carrying it or to boost your rank if you're getting carried, as actual teamwork is a rather foreign concept to this game. You're already fed up with CoD. Also you are male, or willing to pretend. Go crazy, this is just the game for you.

If on the other hand, you're looking for fruitful teamplay, if you expect adult-like behaviour, a respectfully competitive environment that gives you a chance to learn and improve, communication with deeper vocabulary than gg ez rekt" and " ur mom"You want a good, tightly balanced, classic online PvP shooter. You're prepared to deal with idiocy, extremely childish behaviour, herd insinct, insults, harassment, copious amounts of griefing, high-pitched teenager voices bossing you around and boasting about intercourse with your mother. You realize the team is just an excuse to boost your ego if you're carrying it or to boost your rank if you're getting carried, as actual teamwork is a rather foreign concept to this game. You're already fed up with CoD. Also you are male, or willing to pretend. Go crazy, this is just the game for you.

If on the other hand, you're looking for fruitful teamplay, if you expect adult-like behaviour, a respectfully competitive environment that gives you a chance to learn and improve, communication with deeper vocabulary than gg ez rekt" and " ur mom"You want a good, tightly balanced, classic online PvP shooter. You're prepared to deal with idiocy, extremely childish behaviour, herd insinct, insults, harassment, copious amounts of griefing, high-pitched teenager voices bossing you around and boasting about intercourse with your mother. You realize the team is just an excuse to boost your ego if you're carrying it or to boost your rank if you're getting carried, as actual teamwork is a rather foreign concept to this game. You're already fed up with CoD. Also you are male, or willing to pretend. Go crazy, this is just the game for you.

If on the other hand, you're looking for fruitful teamplay, if you expect adult-like behaviour, a respectfully competitive environment that gives you a chance to learn and improve, communication with deeper vocabulary than gg ez rekt" and " ur mom"You want a good, tightly balanced, classic online PvP shooter. You're prepared to deal with idiocy, extremely childish behaviour, herd insinct, insults, harassment, copious amounts of griefing, high-pitched teenager voices bossing you around and boasting about intercourse with your mother. You realize the team is just an excuse to boost your ego if you're carrying it or to boost your rank if you're getting carried, as actual teamwork is a rather foreign concept to this game. You're already fed up with CoD. Also you are male, or willing to pretend. Go crazy, this is just the game for you.

If on the other hand, you're looking for fruitful teamplay, if you expect adult-like behaviour, a respectfully competitive environment that gives you a chance to learn and improve, communication with deeper vocabulary than gg ez rekt" and " ur mom"You want a good, tightly balanced, classic online PvP shooter. You're prepared to deal with idiocy, extremely childish behaviour, herd insinct, insults, harassment, copious amounts of griefing, high-pitched teenager voices bossing you around and boasting about intercourse with your mother. You realize the team is just an excuse to boost your ego if you're carrying it or to boost your rank if you're getting carried, as actual teamwork is a rather foreign concept to this game. You're already fed up with CoD. Also you are male, or willing to pretend. Go crazy, this is just the game for you.

If on the other hand, you're looking for fruitful teamplay, if you expect adult-like behaviour, a respectfully competitive environment that gives you a chance to learn and improve, communication with deeper vocabulary than gg ez rekt" and " ur mom"You want a good, tightly balanced, classic online PvP shooter. You're prepared to deal with idiocy, extremely childish behaviour, herd insinct, insults, harassment, copious amounts of griefing, high-pitched teenager voices bossing you around and boasting about intercourse with your mother. You realize the team is just an excuse to boost your ego if you're carrying it or to boost your rank if you're getting carried, as actual teamwork is a rather foreign concept to this game. You're already fed up with CoD. Also you are male, or willing to pretend. Go crazy, this is just the game for you.

If on the other hand, you're looking for fruitful teamplay, if you expect adult-like behaviour, a respectfully competitive environment that gives you a chance to learn and improve, communication with deeper vocabulary than gg ez rekt" and " ur mom"

Smurfers.Smurfers.Smurfers.Smurfers.Smurfers.Smurfers.Smurfers.Smurfers.Smurfers.

revolver remove itrevolver remove itrevolver remove itrevolver remove itrevolver remove itrevolver remove itrevolver remove itrevolver remove itrevolver remove it

Maybe the only FPS where it truly boils down to a game of pure skill. No t perks or kill streaks, no auto-turrets, no air strikes. If you want to win in Counter-Strike, you have to learn the maps, play smart, and have fast reflexes. Since you work for each and every kill, it's much more satisfying than other current gen shooters. It's a real shame that the console version isn't closer to the PC version though, they could have given COD a run for their $.Maybe the only FPS where it truly boils down to a game of pure skill. No t perks or kill streaks, no auto-turrets, no air strikes. If you want to win in Counter-Strike, you have to learn the maps, play smart, and have fast reflexes. Since you work for each and every kill, it's much more satisfying than other current gen shooters. It's a real shame that the console version isn't closer to the PC version though, they could have given COD a run for their $.Maybe the only FPS where it truly boils down to a game of pure skill. No t perks or kill streaks, no auto-turrets, no air strikes. If you want to win in Counter-Strike, you have to learn the maps, play smart, and have fast reflexes. Since you work for each and every kill, it's much more satisfying than other current gen shooters. It's a real shame that the console version isn't closer to the PC version though, they could have given COD a run for their $.Maybe the only FPS where it truly boils down to a game of pure skill. No t perks or kill streaks, no auto-turrets, no air strikes. If you want to win in Counter-Strike, you have to learn the maps, play smart, and have fast reflexes. Since you work for each and every kill, it's much more satisfying than other current gen shooters. It's a real shame that the console version isn't closer to the PC version though, they could have given COD a run for their $.Maybe the only FPS where it truly boils down to a game of pure skill. No t perks or kill streaks, no auto-turrets, no air strikes. If you want to win in Counter-Strike, you have to learn the maps, play smart, and have fast reflexes. Since you work for each and every kill, it's much more satisfying than other current gen shooters. It's a real shame that the console version isn't closer to the PC version though, they could have given COD a run for their $.Maybe the only FPS where it truly boils down to a game of pure skill. No t perks or kill streaks, no auto-turrets, no air strikes. If you want to win in Counter-Strike, you have to learn the maps, play smart, and have fast reflexes. Since you work for each and every kill, it's much more satisfying than other current gen shooters. It's a real shame that the console version isn't closer to the PC version though, they could have given COD a run for their $.Maybe the only FPS where it truly boils down to a game of pure skill. No t perks or kill streaks, no auto-turrets, no air strikes. If you want to win in Counter-Strike, you have to learn the maps, play smart, and have fast reflexes. Since you work for each and every kill, it's much more satisfying than other current gen shooters. It's a real shame that the console version isn't closer to the PC version though, they could have given COD a run for their $.Maybe the only FPS where it truly boils down to a game of pure skill. No t perks or kill streaks, no auto-turrets, no air strikes. If you want to win in Counter-Strike, you have to learn the maps, play smart, and have fast reflexes. Since you work for each and every kill, it's much more satisfying than other current gen shooters. It's a real shame that the console version isn't closer to the PC version though, they could have given COD a run for their $.Maybe the only FPS where it truly boils down to a game of pure skill. No t perks or kill streaks, no auto-turrets, no air strikes. If you want to win in Counter-Strike, you have to learn the maps, play smart, and have fast reflexes. Since you work for each and every kill, it's much more satisfying than other current gen shooters. It's a real shame that the console version isn't closer to the PC version though, they could have given COD a run for their $.

Lost my lifeLost my lifeLost my lifeLost my lifeLost my lifeLost my lifeLost my lifeLost my lifeLost my life

Screw you, Half-Life!

Welcome to Counter-Strike Global Offensive, the home to raging, insults, accusations, and emotional breakdowns!

If you think for even one second that you're going to find a stable connection with an intelligent community, you just might be a dumb enough fool to buy a lottery ticket and complain when you don't win!

It's our belief that you're such a complete half-wit that you'll buy this game based entirely on this completely slanderously sarcastic review! - That's a 360% guarantee. -- That's right, 360% - the only 360 you're going to accomplish, CoD kiddo!

If you happen to form an opinion, negative or otherwise, you can bring it to our servers full of idiots, half-wits, fools, and emos just like you, and join the epic sub-battle to override everyone else's opinion in the epic battle of words through keyboards that will rock the future of forgotten gaming moments for years to come!

So bring your wallet, bring your friends, bring your internet girlfriend that's not really a girl, bring your imaginary friend from when you were 2 - we'll scam 'em all! That's right - We'll scam your imaginary childhood friend until he or she keeps buying keys for our boxes! Because in Counter-Strike Global Offensive, we'll spam you with so many boxes that you won't even be able to think long enough to realize buying keys is not cheaper than buying the skins you want off the market!

So take your future bankrupt self to the world of Counter-Strike Global Offensive, where we'll welcome you to Competitive 360 Raging -- That's right, Competitive 360 Raging. How does it work? Simple! If you can rage so hard that you manage to throw the entire server into a flamewar and not get banned, you get a free sticker for a weapon you never use!

So don't even wait, don't disconnect on us, or we'll ban your account! Only at Global-Offensive, the only game that politely and subtly tells you that you suck!

So hurry up, kiddo! This game's enjoyment value ends the minute after you click that buy button on the store page, and you better not cancel or you're a banned little sucker!

Counter-Strike Global Offensive, home to the laggiest, and most offensive tryhards in the Steam community! 360% guaranteed!Screw you, Half-Life!

Welcome to Counter-Strike Global Offensive, the home to raging, insults, accusations, and emotional breakdowns!

If you think for even one second that you're going to find a stable connection with an intelligent community, you just might be a dumb enough fool to buy a lottery ticket and complain when you don't win!

It's our belief that you're such a complete half-wit that you'll buy this game based entirely on this completely slanderously sarcastic review! - That's a 360% guarantee. -- That's right, 360% - the only 360 you're going to accomplish, CoD kiddo!

If you happen to form an opinion, negative or otherwise, you can bring it to our servers full of idiots, half-wits, fools, and emos just like you, and join the epic sub-battle to override everyone else's opinion in the epic battle of words through keyboards that will rock the future of forgotten gaming moments for years to come!

So bring your wallet, bring your friends, bring your internet girlfriend that's not really a girl, bring your imaginary friend from when you were 2 - we'll scam 'em all! That's right - We'll scam your imaginary childhood friend until he or she keeps buying keys for our boxes! Because in Counter-Strike Global Offensive, we'll spam you with so many boxes that you won't even be able to think long enough to realize buying keys is not cheaper than buying the skins you want off the market!

So take your future bankrupt self to the world of Counter-Strike Global Offensive, where we'll welcome you to Competitive 360 Raging -- That's right, Competitive 360 Raging. How does it work? Simple! If you can rage so hard that you manage to throw the entire server into a flamewar and not get banned, you get a free sticker for a weapon you never use!

So don't even wait, don't disconnect on us, or we'll ban your account! Only at Global-Offensive, the only game that politely and subtly tells you that you suck!

So hurry up, kiddo! This game's enjoyment value ends the minute after you click that buy button on the store page, and you better not cancel or you're a banned little sucker!

Counter-Strike Global Offensive, home to the laggiest, and most offensive tryhards in the Steam community! 360% guaranteed!Screw you, Half-Life!

Welcome to Counter-Strike Global Offensive, the home to raging, insults, accusations, and emotional breakdowns!

If you think for even one second that you're going to find a stable connection with an intelligent community, you just might be a dumb enough fool to buy a lottery ticket and complain when you don't win!

It's our belief that you're such a complete half-wit that you'll buy this game based entirely on this completely slanderously sarcastic review! - That's a 360% guarantee. -- That's right, 360% - the only 360 you're going to accomplish, CoD kiddo!

If you happen to form an opinion, negative or otherwise, you can bring it to our servers full of idiots, half-wits, fools, and emos just like you, and join the epic sub-battle to override everyone else's opinion in the epic battle of words through keyboards that will rock the future of forgotten gaming moments for years to come!

So bring your wallet, bring your friends, bring your internet girlfriend that's not really a girl, bring your imaginary friend from when you were 2 - we'll scam 'em all! That's right - We'll scam your imaginary childhood friend until he or she keeps buying keys for our boxes! Because in Counter-Strike Global Offensive, we'll spam you with so many boxes that you won't even be able to think long enough to realize buying keys is not cheaper than buying the skins you want off the market!

So take your future bankrupt self to the world of Counter-Strike Global Offensive, where we'll welcome you to Competitive 360 Raging -- That's right, Competitive 360 Raging. How does it work? Simple! If you can rage so hard that you manage to throw the entire server into a flamewar and not get banned, you get a free sticker for a weapon you never use!

So don't even wait, don't disconnect on us, or we'll ban your account! Only at Global-Offensive, the only game that politely and subtly tells you that you suck!

So hurry up, kiddo! This game's enjoyment value ends the minute after you click that buy button on the store page, and you better not cancel or you're a banned little sucker!

Counter-Strike Global Offensive, home to the laggiest, and most offensive tryhards in the Steam community! 360% guaranteed!Screw you, Half-Life!

Welcome to Counter-Strike Global Offensive, the home to raging, insults, accusations, and emotional breakdowns!

If you think for even one second that you're going to find a stable connection with an intelligent community, you just might be a dumb enough fool to buy a lottery ticket and complain when you don't win!

It's our belief that you're such a complete half-wit that you'll buy this game based entirely on this completely slanderously sarcastic review! - That's a 360% guarantee. -- That's right, 360% - the only 360 you're going to accomplish, CoD kiddo!

If you happen to form an opinion, negative or otherwise, you can bring it to our servers full of idiots, half-wits, fools, and emos just like you, and join the epic sub-battle to override everyone else's opinion in the epic battle of words through keyboards that will rock the future of forgotten gaming moments for years to come!

So bring your wallet, bring your friends, bring your internet girlfriend that's not really a girl, bring your imaginary friend from when you were 2 - we'll scam 'em all! That's right - We'll scam your imaginary childhood friend until he or she keeps buying keys for our boxes! Because in Counter-Strike Global Offensive, we'll spam you with so many boxes that you won't even be able to think long enough to realize buying keys is not cheaper than buying the skins you want off the market!

So take your future bankrupt self to the world of Counter-Strike Global Offensive, where we'll welcome you to Competitive 360 Raging -- That's right, Competitive 360 Raging. How does it work? Simple! If you can rage so hard that you manage to throw the entire server into a flamewar and not get banned, you get a free sticker for a weapon you never use!

So don't even wait, don't disconnect on us, or we'll ban your account! Only at Global-Offensive, the only game that politely and subtly tells you that you suck!

So hurry up, kiddo! This game's enjoyment value ends the minute after you click that buy button on the store page, and you better not cancel or you're a banned little sucker!

Counter-Strike Global Offensive, home to the laggiest, and most offensive tryhards in the Steam community! 360% guaranteed!Screw you, Half-Life!

Welcome to Counter-Strike Global Offensive, the home to raging, insults, accusations, and emotional breakdowns!

If you think for even one second that you're going to find a stable connection with an intelligent community, you just might be a dumb enough fool to buy a lottery ticket and complain when you don't win!

It's our belief that you're such a complete half-wit that you'll buy this game based entirely on this completely slanderously sarcastic review! - That's a 360% guarantee. -- That's right, 360% - the only 360 you're going to accomplish, CoD kiddo!

If you happen to form an opinion, negative or otherwise, you can bring it to our servers full of idiots, half-wits, fools, and emos just like you, and join the epic sub-battle to override everyone else's opinion in the epic battle of words through keyboards that will rock the future of forgotten gaming moments for years to come!

So bring your wallet, bring your friends, bring your internet girlfriend that's not really a girl, bring your imaginary friend from when you were 2 - we'll scam 'em all! That's right - We'll scam your imaginary childhood friend until he or she keeps buying keys for our boxes! Because in Counter-Strike Global Offensive, we'll spam you with so many boxes that you won't even be able to think long enough to realize buying keys is not cheaper than buying the skins you want off the market!

So take your future bankrupt self to the world of Counter-Strike Global Offensive, where we'll welcome you to Competitive 360 Raging -- That's right, Competitive 360 Raging. How does it work? Simple! If you can rage so hard that you manage to throw the entire server into a flamewar and not get banned, you get a free sticker for a weapon you never use!

So don't even wait, don't disconnect on us, or we'll ban your account! Only at Global-Offensive, the only game that politely and subtly tells you that you suck!

So hurry up, kiddo! This game's enjoyment value ends the minute after you click that buy button on the store page, and you better not cancel or you're a banned little sucker!

Counter-Strike Global Offensive, home to the laggiest, and most offensive tryhards in the Steam community! 360% guaranteed!Screw you, Half-Life!

Welcome to Counter-Strike Global Offensive, the home to raging, insults, accusations, and emotional breakdowns!

If you think for even one second that you're going to find a stable connection with an intelligent community, you just might be a dumb enough fool to buy a lottery ticket and complain when you don't win!

It's our belief that you're such a complete half-wit that you'll buy this game based entirely on this completely slanderously sarcastic review! - That's a 360% guarantee. -- That's right, 360% - the only 360 you're going to accomplish, CoD kiddo!

If you happen to form an opinion, negative or otherwise, you can bring it to our servers full of idiots, half-wits, fools, and emos just like you, and join the epic sub-battle to override everyone else's opinion in the epic battle of words through keyboards that will rock the future of forgotten gaming moments for years to come!

So bring your wallet, bring your friends, bring your internet girlfriend that's not really a girl, bring your imaginary friend from when you were 2 - we'll scam 'em all! That's right - We'll scam your imaginary childhood friend until he or she keeps buying keys for our boxes! Because in Counter-Strike Global Offensive, we'll spam you with so many boxes that you won't even be able to think long enough to realize buying keys is not cheaper than buying the skins you want off the market!

So take your future bankrupt self to the world of Counter-Strike Global Offensive, where we'll welcome you to Competitive 360 Raging -- That's right, Competitive 360 Raging. How does it work? Simple! If you can rage so hard that you manage to throw the entire server into a flamewar and not get banned, you get a free sticker for a weapon you never use!

So don't even wait, don't disconnect on us, or we'll ban your account! Only at Global-Offensive, the only game that politely and subtly tells you that you suck!

So hurry up, kiddo! This game's enjoyment value ends the minute after you click that buy button on the store page, and you better not cancel or you're a banned little sucker!

Counter-Strike Global Offensive, home to the laggiest, and most offensive tryhards in the Steam community! 360% guaranteed!Screw you, Half-Life!

Welcome to Counter-Strike Global Offensive, the home to raging, insults, accusations, and emotional breakdowns!

If you think for even one second that you're going to find a stable connection with an intelligent community, you just might be a dumb enough fool to buy a lottery ticket and complain when you don't win!

It's our belief that you're such a complete half-wit that you'll buy this game based entirely on this completely slanderously sarcastic review! - That's a 360% guarantee. -- That's right, 360% - the only 360 you're going to accomplish, CoD kiddo!

If you happen to form an opinion, negative or otherwise, you can bring it to our servers full of idiots, half-wits, fools, and emos just like you, and join the epic sub-battle to override everyone else's opinion in the epic battle of words through keyboards that will rock the future of forgotten gaming moments for years to come!

So bring your wallet, bring your friends, bring your internet girlfriend that's not really a girl, bring your imaginary friend from when you were 2 - we'll scam 'em all! That's right - We'll scam your imaginary childhood friend until he or she keeps buying keys for our boxes! Because in Counter-Strike Global Offensive, we'll spam you with so many boxes that you won't even be able to think long enough to realize buying keys is not cheaper than buying the skins you want off the market!

So take your future bankrupt self to the world of Counter-Strike Global Offensive, where we'll welcome you to Competitive 360 Raging -- That's right, Competitive 360 Raging. How does it work? Simple! If you can rage so hard that you manage to throw the entire server into a flamewar and not get banned, you get a free sticker for a weapon you never use!

So don't even wait, don't disconnect on us, or we'll ban your account! Only at Global-Offensive, the only game that politely and subtly tells you that you suck!

So hurry up, kiddo! This game's enjoyment value ends the minute after you click that buy button on the store page, and you better not cancel or you're a banned little sucker!

Counter-Strike Global Offensive, home to the laggiest, and most offensive tryhards in the Steam community! 360% guaranteed!Screw you, Half-Life!

Welcome to Counter-Strike Global Offensive, the home to raging, insults, accusations, and emotional breakdowns!

If you think for even one second that you're going to find a stable connection with an intelligent community, you just might be a dumb enough fool to buy a lottery ticket and complain when you don't win!

It's our belief that you're such a complete half-wit that you'll buy this game based entirely on this completely slanderously sarcastic review! - That's a 360% guarantee. -- That's right, 360% - the only 360 you're going to accomplish, CoD kiddo!

If you happen to form an opinion, negative or otherwise, you can bring it to our servers full of idiots, half-wits, fools, and emos just like you, and join the epic sub-battle to override everyone else's opinion in the epic battle of words through keyboards that will rock the future of forgotten gaming moments for years to come!

So bring your wallet, bring your friends, bring your internet girlfriend that's not really a girl, bring your imaginary friend from when you were 2 - we'll scam 'em all! That's right - We'll scam your imaginary childhood friend until he or she keeps buying keys for our boxes! Because in Counter-Strike Global Offensive, we'll spam you with so many boxes that you won't even be able to think long enough to realize buying keys is not cheaper than buying the skins you want off the market!

So take your future bankrupt self to the world of Counter-Strike Global Offensive, where we'll welcome you to Competitive 360 Raging -- That's right, Competitive 360 Raging. How does it work? Simple! If you can rage so hard that you manage to throw the entire server into a flamewar and not get banned, you get a free sticker for a weapon you never use!

So don't even wait, don't disconnect on us, or we'll ban your account! Only at Global-Offensive, the only game that politely and subtly tells you that you suck!

So hurry up, kiddo! This game's enjoyment value ends the minute after you click that buy button on the store page, and you better not cancel or you're a banned little sucker!

Counter-Strike Global Offensive, home to the laggiest, and most offensive tryhards in the Steam community! 360% guaranteed!Screw you, Half-Life!

Welcome to Counter-Strike Global Offensive, the home to raging, insults, accusations, and emotional breakdowns!

If you think for even one second that you're going to find a stable connection with an intelligent community, you just might be a dumb enough fool to buy a lottery ticket and complain when you don't win!

It's our belief that you're such a complete half-wit that you'll buy this game based entirely on this completely slanderously sarcastic review! - That's a 360% guarantee. -- That's right, 360% - the only 360 you're going to accomplish, CoD kiddo!

If you happen to form an opinion, negative or otherwise, you can bring it to our servers full of idiots, half-wits, fools, and emos just like you, and join the epic sub-battle to override everyone else's opinion in the epic battle of words through keyboards that will rock the future of forgotten gaming moments for years to come!

So bring your wallet, bring your friends, bring your internet girlfriend that's not really a girl, bring your imaginary friend from when you were 2 - we'll scam 'em all! That's right - We'll scam your imaginary childhood friend until he or she keeps buying keys for our boxes! Because in Counter-Strike Global Offensive, we'll spam you with so many boxes that you won't even be able to think long enough to realize buying keys is not cheaper than buying the skins you want off the market!

So take your future bankrupt self to the world of Counter-Strike Global Offensive, where we'll welcome you to Competitive 360 Raging -- That's right, Competitive 360 Raging. How does it work? Simple! If you can rage so hard that you manage to throw the entire server into a flamewar and not get banned, you get a free sticker for a weapon you never use!

So don't even wait, don't disconnect on us, or we'll ban your account! Only at Global-Offensive, the only game that politely and subtly tells you that you suck!

So hurry up, kiddo! This game's enjoyment value ends the minute after you click that buy button on the store page, and you better not cancel or you're a banned little sucker!

Counter-Strike Global Offensive, home to the laggiest, and most offensive tryhards in the Steam community! 360% guaranteed!

Dont play at 3 am theres asians and russiansDont play at 3 am theres asians and russiansDont play at 3 am theres asians and russiansDont play at 3 am theres asians and russiansDont play at 3 am theres asians and russiansDont play at 3 am theres asians and russiansDont play at 3 am theres asians and russiansDont play at 3 am theres asians and russiansDont play at 3 am theres asians and russians

It's awesome except trolling russians ._.It's awesome except trolling russians ._.It's awesome except trolling russians ._.It's awesome except trolling russians ._.It's awesome except trolling russians ._.It's awesome except trolling russians ._.It's awesome except trolling russians ._.It's awesome except trolling russians ._.It's awesome except trolling russians ._.

CS:GO is a game which was once designed around team-based attacks and defenses, something which has since been replaced by weapon reskins and recoil patterns.

Pros:
Very easy to hop into a casual game and enjoy a quick game.
Very easy to join a competitive game and work with a team of nearly equal skill-levels in a longer game with higher tensions.
New game modes to choose from.
Wide variety of powerful weapons at your disposal.
Betting scene.
Numerous competitive leagues and teams for highly skilled players.

Cons:
Difficult to master weapons and recoil patterns.
Luck plays a considerable role in fights.
Learn a plethora of new insults from teammates.

Conclusion: For 15$, it's worth every penny.CS:GO is a game which was once designed around team-based attacks and defenses, something which has since been replaced by weapon reskins and recoil patterns.

Pros:
Very easy to hop into a casual game and enjoy a quick game.
Very easy to join a competitive game and work with a team of nearly equal skill-levels in a longer game with higher tensions.
New game modes to choose from.
Wide variety of powerful weapons at your disposal.
Betting scene.
Numerous competitive leagues and teams for highly skilled players.

Cons:
Difficult to master weapons and recoil patterns.
Luck plays a considerable role in fights.
Learn a plethora of new insults from teammates.

Conclusion: For 15$, it's worth every penny.CS:GO is a game which was once designed around team-based attacks and defenses, something which has since been replaced by weapon reskins and recoil patterns.

Pros:
Very easy to hop into a casual game and enjoy a quick game.
Very easy to join a competitive game and work with a team of nearly equal skill-levels in a longer game with higher tensions.
New game modes to choose from.
Wide variety of powerful weapons at your disposal.
Betting scene.
Numerous competitive leagues and teams for highly skilled players.

Cons:
Difficult to master weapons and recoil patterns.
Luck plays a considerable role in fights.
Learn a plethora of new insults from teammates.

Conclusion: For 15$, it's worth every penny.CS:GO is a game which was once designed around team-based attacks and defenses, something which has since been replaced by weapon reskins and recoil patterns.

Pros:
Very easy to hop into a casual game and enjoy a quick game.
Very easy to join a competitive game and work with a team of nearly equal skill-levels in a longer game with higher tensions.
New game modes to choose from.
Wide variety of powerful weapons at your disposal.
Betting scene.
Numerous competitive leagues and teams for highly skilled players.

Cons:
Difficult to master weapons and recoil patterns.
Luck plays a considerable role in fights.
Learn a plethora of new insults from teammates.

Conclusion: For 15$, it's worth every penny.CS:GO is a game which was once designed around team-based attacks and defenses, something which has since been replaced by weapon reskins and recoil patterns.

Pros:
Very easy to hop into a casual game and enjoy a quick game.
Very easy to join a competitive game and work with a team of nearly equal skill-levels in a longer game with higher tensions.
New game modes to choose from.
Wide variety of powerful weapons at your disposal.
Betting scene.
Numerous competitive leagues and teams for highly skilled players.

Cons:
Difficult to master weapons and recoil patterns.
Luck plays a considerable role in fights.
Learn a plethora of new insults from teammates.

Conclusion: For 15$, it's worth every penny.CS:GO is a game which was once designed around team-based attacks and defenses, something which has since been replaced by weapon reskins and recoil patterns.

Pros:
Very easy to hop into a casual game and enjoy a quick game.
Very easy to join a competitive game and work with a team of nearly equal skill-levels in a longer game with higher tensions.
New game modes to choose from.
Wide variety of powerful weapons at your disposal.
Betting scene.
Numerous competitive leagues and teams for highly skilled players.

Cons:
Difficult to master weapons and recoil patterns.
Luck plays a considerable role in fights.
Learn a plethora of new insults from teammates.

Conclusion: For 15$, it's worth every penny.CS:GO is a game which was once designed around team-based attacks and defenses, something which has since been replaced by weapon reskins and recoil patterns.

Pros:
Very easy to hop into a casual game and enjoy a quick game.
Very easy to join a competitive game and work with a team of nearly equal skill-levels in a longer game with higher tensions.
New game modes to choose from.
Wide variety of powerful weapons at your disposal.
Betting scene.
Numerous competitive leagues and teams for highly skilled players.

Cons:
Difficult to master weapons and recoil patterns.
Luck plays a considerable role in fights.
Learn a plethora of new insults from teammates.

Conclusion: For 15$, it's worth every penny.CS:GO is a game which was once designed around team-based attacks and defenses, something which has since been replaced by weapon reskins and recoil patterns.

Pros:
Very easy to hop into a casual game and enjoy a quick game.
Very easy to join a competitive game and work with a team of nearly equal skill-levels in a longer game with higher tensions.
New game modes to choose from.
Wide variety of powerful weapons at your disposal.
Betting scene.
Numerous competitive leagues and teams for highly skilled players.

Cons:
Difficult to master weapons and recoil patterns.
Luck plays a considerable role in fights.
Learn a plethora of new insults from teammates.

Conclusion: For 15$, it's worth every penny.CS:GO is a game which was once designed around team-based attacks and defenses, something which has since been replaced by weapon reskins and recoil patterns.

Pros:
Very easy to hop into a casual game and enjoy a quick game.
Very easy to join a competitive game and work with a team of nearly equal skill-levels in a longer game with higher tensions.
New game modes to choose from.
Wide variety of powerful weapons at your disposal.
Betting scene.
Numerous competitive leagues and teams for highly skilled players.

Cons:
Difficult to master weapons and recoil patterns.
Luck plays a considerable role in fights.
Learn a plethora of new insults from teammates.

Conclusion: For 15$, it's worth every penny.

Get this game right away! You don't need other games! It will change your life forever!Get this game right away! You don't need other games! It will change your life forever!Get this game right away! You don't need other games! It will change your life forever!Get this game right away! You don't need other games! It will change your life forever!Get this game right away! You don't need other games! It will change your life forever!Get this game right away! You don't need other games! It will change your life forever!Get this game right away! You don't need other games! It will change your life forever!Get this game right away! You don't need other games! It will change your life forever!Get this game right away! You don't need other games! It will change your life forever!

Is currently ruining my life, I rate this a 9/11

Is making me forget about my girlfriend.Is currently ruining my life, I rate this a 9/11

Is making me forget about my girlfriend.Is currently ruining my life, I rate this a 9/11

Is making me forget about my girlfriend.Is currently ruining my life, I rate this a 9/11

Is making me forget about my girlfriend.Is currently ruining my life, I rate this a 9/11

Is making me forget about my girlfriend.Is currently ruining my life, I rate this a 9/11

Is making me forget about my girlfriend.Is currently ruining my life, I rate this a 9/11

Is making me forget about my girlfriend.Is currently ruining my life, I rate this a 9/11

Is making me forget about my girlfriend.Is currently ruining my life, I rate this a 9/11

Is making me forget about my girlfriend.

CSGO is like ing heroin you know it will make your life miserable but you love it...CSGO is like ing heroin you know it will make your life miserable but you love it...CSGO is like ing heroin you know it will make your life miserable but you love it...CSGO is like ing heroin you know it will make your life miserable but you love it...CSGO is like ing heroin you know it will make your life miserable but you love it...CSGO is like ing heroin you know it will make your life miserable but you love it...CSGO is like ing heroin you know it will make your life miserable but you love it...CSGO is like ing heroin you know it will make your life miserable but you love it...CSGO is like ing heroin you know it will make your life miserable but you love it...

Honey you got real ugly.Honey you got real ugly.Honey you got real ugly.Honey you got real ugly.Honey you got real ugly.Honey you got real ugly.Honey you got real ugly.Honey you got real ugly.Honey you got real ugly.

Communication 10/10
Rage  10/10
Calling Someone As Hacker 10/10
Crying 10/10
Lovely Competitive Teams  10/10

I cant find  anything to say.... BEST MMORPG I EVER PLAYED 11/10Communication 10/10
Rage  10/10
Calling Someone As Hacker 10/10
Crying 10/10
Lovely Competitive Teams  10/10

I cant find  anything to say.... BEST MMORPG I EVER PLAYED 11/10Communication 10/10
Rage  10/10
Calling Someone As Hacker 10/10
Crying 10/10
Lovely Competitive Teams  10/10

I cant find  anything to say.... BEST MMORPG I EVER PLAYED 11/10Communication 10/10
Rage  10/10
Calling Someone As Hacker 10/10
Crying 10/10
Lovely Competitive Teams  10/10

I cant find  anything to say.... BEST MMORPG I EVER PLAYED 11/10Communication 10/10
Rage  10/10
Calling Someone As Hacker 10/10
Crying 10/10
Lovely Competitive Teams  10/10

I cant find  anything to say.... BEST MMORPG I EVER PLAYED 11/10Communication 10/10
Rage  10/10
Calling Someone As Hacker 10/10
Crying 10/10
Lovely Competitive Teams  10/10

I cant find  anything to say.... BEST MMORPG I EVER PLAYED 11/10Communication 10/10
Rage  10/10
Calling Someone As Hacker 10/10
Crying 10/10
Lovely Competitive Teams  10/10

I cant find  anything to say.... BEST MMORPG I EVER PLAYED 11/10Communication 10/10
Rage  10/10
Calling Someone As Hacker 10/10
Crying 10/10
Lovely Competitive Teams  10/10

I cant find  anything to say.... BEST MMORPG I EVER PLAYED 11/10Communication 10/10
Rage  10/10
Calling Someone As Hacker 10/10
Crying 10/10
Lovely Competitive Teams  10/10

I cant find  anything to say.... BEST MMORPG I EVER PLAYED 11/10

New revolver is worst weapon ever , this weapons real name is noob gun and it seem cs:go going to team fortress 2 style tf2 going cs:go too this is too bad . Whatever this weapon necessary and noobgun. You can one shoot to kill awp sniper guys.New revolver is worst weapon ever , this weapons real name is noob gun and it seem cs:go going to team fortress 2 style tf2 going cs:go too this is too bad . Whatever this weapon necessary and noobgun. You can one shoot to kill awp sniper guys.New revolver is worst weapon ever , this weapons real name is noob gun and it seem cs:go going to team fortress 2 style tf2 going cs:go too this is too bad . Whatever this weapon necessary and noobgun. You can one shoot to kill awp sniper guys.New revolver is worst weapon ever , this weapons real name is noob gun and it seem cs:go going to team fortress 2 style tf2 going cs:go too this is too bad . Whatever this weapon necessary and noobgun. You can one shoot to kill awp sniper guys.New revolver is worst weapon ever , this weapons real name is noob gun and it seem cs:go going to team fortress 2 style tf2 going cs:go too this is too bad . Whatever this weapon necessary and noobgun. You can one shoot to kill awp sniper guys.New revolver is worst weapon ever , this weapons real name is noob gun and it seem cs:go going to team fortress 2 style tf2 going cs:go too this is too bad . Whatever this weapon necessary and noobgun. You can one shoot to kill awp sniper guys.New revolver is worst weapon ever , this weapons real name is noob gun and it seem cs:go going to team fortress 2 style tf2 going cs:go too this is too bad . Whatever this weapon necessary and noobgun. You can one shoot to kill awp sniper guys.New revolver is worst weapon ever , this weapons real name is noob gun and it seem cs:go going to team fortress 2 style tf2 going cs:go too this is too bad . Whatever this weapon necessary and noobgun. You can one shoot to kill awp sniper guys.New revolver is worst weapon ever , this weapons real name is noob gun and it seem cs:go going to team fortress 2 style tf2 going cs:go too this is too bad . Whatever this weapon necessary and noobgun. You can one shoot to kill awp sniper guys.

This game is the successor to the original counter-strike aka CS 1.6. Ignore counter-strike: condition zero, and counter-strike: source, both those games never blew up as competitively as CS 1.6, and CS:GO. This game takes tons of practice, and patience. Nobody can just start off doing well, you might be decent if you can aim, but there are so many factors that come into play determining your skill level compared to your opponents.

All of the above is true except for when I said nobody can start off doing well, I am one of the rare exceptions where I just dominate everything. I never lose, and have yet to lose. Maybe someone can tell me how it feels to lose. This game isn't fun as much for me anymore, because I never lose.This game is the successor to the original counter-strike aka CS 1.6. Ignore counter-strike: condition zero, and counter-strike: source, both those games never blew up as competitively as CS 1.6, and CS:GO. This game takes tons of practice, and patience. Nobody can just start off doing well, you might be decent if you can aim, but there are so many factors that come into play determining your skill level compared to your opponents.

All of the above is true except for when I said nobody can start off doing well, I am one of the rare exceptions where I just dominate everything. I never lose, and have yet to lose. Maybe someone can tell me how it feels to lose. This game isn't fun as much for me anymore, because I never lose.This game is the successor to the original counter-strike aka CS 1.6. Ignore counter-strike: condition zero, and counter-strike: source, both those games never blew up as competitively as CS 1.6, and CS:GO. This game takes tons of practice, and patience. Nobody can just start off doing well, you might be decent if you can aim, but there are so many factors that come into play determining your skill level compared to your opponents.

All of the above is true except for when I said nobody can start off doing well, I am one of the rare exceptions where I just dominate everything. I never lose, and have yet to lose. Maybe someone can tell me how it feels to lose. This game isn't fun as much for me anymore, because I never lose.This game is the successor to the original counter-strike aka CS 1.6. Ignore counter-strike: condition zero, and counter-strike: source, both those games never blew up as competitively as CS 1.6, and CS:GO. This game takes tons of practice, and patience. Nobody can just start off doing well, you might be decent if you can aim, but there are so many factors that come into play determining your skill level compared to your opponents.

All of the above is true except for when I said nobody can start off doing well, I am one of the rare exceptions where I just dominate everything. I never lose, and have yet to lose. Maybe someone can tell me how it feels to lose. This game isn't fun as much for me anymore, because I never lose.This game is the successor to the original counter-strike aka CS 1.6. Ignore counter-strike: condition zero, and counter-strike: source, both those games never blew up as competitively as CS 1.6, and CS:GO. This game takes tons of practice, and patience. Nobody can just start off doing well, you might be decent if you can aim, but there are so many factors that come into play determining your skill level compared to your opponents.

All of the above is true except for when I said nobody can start off doing well, I am one of the rare exceptions where I just dominate everything. I never lose, and have yet to lose. Maybe someone can tell me how it feels to lose. This game isn't fun as much for me anymore, because I never lose.This game is the successor to the original counter-strike aka CS 1.6. Ignore counter-strike: condition zero, and counter-strike: source, both those games never blew up as competitively as CS 1.6, and CS:GO. This game takes tons of practice, and patience. Nobody can just start off doing well, you might be decent if you can aim, but there are so many factors that come into play determining your skill level compared to your opponents.

All of the above is true except for when I said nobody can start off doing well, I am one of the rare exceptions where I just dominate everything. I never lose, and have yet to lose. Maybe someone can tell me how it feels to lose. This game isn't fun as much for me anymore, because I never lose.This game is the successor to the original counter-strike aka CS 1.6. Ignore counter-strike: condition zero, and counter-strike: source, both those games never blew up as competitively as CS 1.6, and CS:GO. This game takes tons of practice, and patience. Nobody can just start off doing well, you might be decent if you can aim, but there are so many factors that come into play determining your skill level compared to your opponents.

All of the above is true except for when I said nobody can start off doing well, I am one of the rare exceptions where I just dominate everything. I never lose, and have yet to lose. Maybe someone can tell me how it feels to lose. This game isn't fun as much for me anymore, because I never lose.This game is the successor to the original counter-strike aka CS 1.6. Ignore counter-strike: condition zero, and counter-strike: source, both those games never blew up as competitively as CS 1.6, and CS:GO. This game takes tons of practice, and patience. Nobody can just start off doing well, you might be decent if you can aim, but there are so many factors that come into play determining your skill level compared to your opponents.

All of the above is true except for when I said nobody can start off doing well, I am one of the rare exceptions where I just dominate everything. I never lose, and have yet to lose. Maybe someone can tell me how it feels to lose. This game isn't fun as much for me anymore, because I never lose.This game is the successor to the original counter-strike aka CS 1.6. Ignore counter-strike: condition zero, and counter-strike: source, both those games never blew up as competitively as CS 1.6, and CS:GO. This game takes tons of practice, and patience. Nobody can just start off doing well, you might be decent if you can aim, but there are so many factors that come into play determining your skill level compared to your opponents.

All of the above is true except for when I said nobody can start off doing well, I am one of the rare exceptions where I just dominate everything. I never lose, and have yet to lose. Maybe someone can tell me how it feels to lose. This game isn't fun as much for me anymore, because I never lose.

counter-strike:sever glitch simulator
counter-strike: racism offensive
counter-strike: coin and skin colloctor

11/10

GJ VALVEcounter-strike:sever glitch simulator
counter-strike: racism offensive
counter-strike: coin and skin colloctor

11/10

GJ VALVEcounter-strike:sever glitch simulator
counter-strike: racism offensive
counter-strike: coin and skin colloctor

11/10

GJ VALVEcounter-strike:sever glitch simulator
counter-strike: racism offensive
counter-strike: coin and skin colloctor

11/10

GJ VALVEcounter-strike:sever glitch simulator
counter-strike: racism offensive
counter-strike: coin and skin colloctor

11/10

GJ VALVEcounter-strike:sever glitch simulator
counter-strike: racism offensive
counter-strike: coin and skin colloctor

11/10

GJ VALVEcounter-strike:sever glitch simulator
counter-strike: racism offensive
counter-strike: coin and skin colloctor

11/10

GJ VALVEcounter-strike:sever glitch simulator
counter-strike: racism offensive
counter-strike: coin and skin colloctor

11/10

GJ VALVEcounter-strike:sever glitch simulator
counter-strike: racism offensive
counter-strike: coin and skin colloctor

11/10

GJ VALVE

nonononononononono

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_Xdi4T8mgIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_Xdi4T8mgIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_Xdi4T8mgIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_Xdi4T8mgIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_Xdi4T8mgIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_Xdi4T8mgIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_Xdi4T8mgIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_Xdi4T8mgIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_Xdi4T8mgI

Kill someone with a P90 - You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!"
Run out and get urself killed when there is 2 secs left- Nooooooooooob
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban
Kill too many team-mate- u b****y idiot

Thx Mistah J....... i just added some more stuff in.

If u wanna be in rage? Get this game cos its Rage simulator 2014"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!"
Run out and get urself killed when there is 2 secs left- Nooooooooooob
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban
Kill too many team-mate- u b****y idiot

Thx Mistah J....... i just added some more stuff in.

If u wanna be in rage? Get this game cos its Rage simulator 2014"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!"
Run out and get urself killed when there is 2 secs left- Nooooooooooob
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban
Kill too many team-mate- u b****y idiot

Thx Mistah J....... i just added some more stuff in.

If u wanna be in rage? Get this game cos its Rage simulator 2014"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!"
Run out and get urself killed when there is 2 secs left- Nooooooooooob
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban
Kill too many team-mate- u b****y idiot

Thx Mistah J....... i just added some more stuff in.

If u wanna be in rage? Get this game cos its Rage simulator 2014"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!"
Run out and get urself killed when there is 2 secs left- Nooooooooooob
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban
Kill too many team-mate- u b****y idiot

Thx Mistah J....... i just added some more stuff in.

If u wanna be in rage? Get this game cos its Rage simulator 2014"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!"
Run out and get urself killed when there is 2 secs left- Nooooooooooob
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban
Kill too many team-mate- u b****y idiot

Thx Mistah J....... i just added some more stuff in.

If u wanna be in rage? Get this game cos its Rage simulator 2014"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!"
Run out and get urself killed when there is 2 secs left- Nooooooooooob
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban
Kill too many team-mate- u b****y idiot

Thx Mistah J....... i just added some more stuff in.

If u wanna be in rage? Get this game cos its Rage simulator 2014"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!"
Run out and get urself killed when there is 2 secs left- Nooooooooooob
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban
Kill too many team-mate- u b****y idiot

Thx Mistah J....... i just added some more stuff in.

If u wanna be in rage? Get this game cos its Rage simulator 2014"Kill someone with a P90 - You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a P90 through a smoke - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a AWP - "You're a ing noob!! Noob weapon!!"
Kill someone with a AWP through a door - "You're a ing hacker!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you die - "You're a ing noob!!"
In a 1 vs 5 you win - "You're a ing hacker!!"
Kill someone with a headshot - "Hacker!!"
Get headshoted by someone - "Owned!!" and get teabagged
Kill someone with a grenade - "Luck!!"
Get killed by someone with a grenade - "AHAHAHAHA"
Get teamkilled by someone - "Get out of the way you ing idiot!!"
Accidentally teamkill someone - "You're a ing idiot!!"
Blocked by someone - Dies
Accidentally blocks someone - "Get out the way you ing idiot!!"
Decide to save - "You're a ing coward!!"
Decide not to save - "Save you ing idiot!!"
Kill someone while defending the bomb - "You ing camper!!"
Kill someone while defending the hostages - "You ing camper!!"
Run out and get urself killed when there is 2 secs left- Nooooooooooob
Someone dies - The deceased one starts to rage
Your team lose the round - Your team starts to rage
Your team is losing 10-2 - Someone rages quit
Go to the balcony in Italy - "You ing hacker!!"
Worst guy receives a drop - "Are you ing serious!?"
Warm up - Everybody tries to spawn kill
Score is 5-1 in your favor - "This is a T map!"
Score is 1-5 againts you - "This is a CT map!"
Lose the first 2 rounds - Someone asks to get kicked
Last round - Everybody buys Negev
Your team is loosing and you are in last - Someone vote to kick you
Win a match - All enemy team rages
Lose a match - Your team rages
Someone's Internet crashes - 30 minutes ban
Your Internet crashes - 7 days ban
Kill too many team-mate- u b****y idiot

Thx Mistah J....... i just added some more stuff in.

If u wanna be in rage? Get this game cos its Rage simulator 2014"

The best Counter-Strike iteration yet. A lot of updates, steam workshop, competitive mode, competitions, skins and constant content. A good way to make steam wallet money by trading or selling stuff in market. None of the games you will play will have the fluidity of a valve game and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive sets the standard. 10/10The best Counter-Strike iteration yet. A lot of updates, steam workshop, competitive mode, competitions, skins and constant content. A good way to make steam wallet money by trading or selling stuff in market. None of the games you will play will have the fluidity of a valve game and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive sets the standard. 10/10The best Counter-Strike iteration yet. A lot of updates, steam workshop, competitive mode, competitions, skins and constant content. A good way to make steam wallet money by trading or selling stuff in market. None of the games you will play will have the fluidity of a valve game and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive sets the standard. 10/10The best Counter-Strike iteration yet. A lot of updates, steam workshop, competitive mode, competitions, skins and constant content. A good way to make steam wallet money by trading or selling stuff in market. None of the games you will play will have the fluidity of a valve game and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive sets the standard. 10/10The best Counter-Strike iteration yet. A lot of updates, steam workshop, competitive mode, competitions, skins and constant content. A good way to make steam wallet money by trading or selling stuff in market. None of the games you will play will have the fluidity of a valve game and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive sets the standard. 10/10The best Counter-Strike iteration yet. A lot of updates, steam workshop, competitive mode, competitions, skins and constant content. A good way to make steam wallet money by trading or selling stuff in market. None of the games you will play will have the fluidity of a valve game and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive sets the standard. 10/10The best Counter-Strike iteration yet. A lot of updates, steam workshop, competitive mode, competitions, skins and constant content. A good way to make steam wallet money by trading or selling stuff in market. None of the games you will play will have the fluidity of a valve game and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive sets the standard. 10/10The best Counter-Strike iteration yet. A lot of updates, steam workshop, competitive mode, competitions, skins and constant content. A good way to make steam wallet money by trading or selling stuff in market. None of the games you will play will have the fluidity of a valve game and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive sets the standard. 10/10The best Counter-Strike iteration yet. A lot of updates, steam workshop, competitive mode, competitions, skins and constant content. A good way to make steam wallet money by trading or selling stuff in market. None of the games you will play will have the fluidity of a valve game and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive sets the standard. 10/10

Counter Strike Global Offensive in itself is a good game. We are getting frequent updates from the devs and the player count keeps increase.

Rather than writing a lengthy summary of my opinions of the game I have decided to break it down into two groups of bullet points.


**The Good**


* High skill ceiling but easy to start FPS
* Lots of fun to play with friends / make new friends
* Many of the guns are viable unlike previous versions
* Devs connect with the community and gradually make tweaks and ingame changes after deliberation.


**Needs Improvment**

* Visibility (HDR / Bloom are locked down unlike prior versions).
* Upgraded anti cheat (too many hackers in higher elo MM).
* Movement and accuracy modifications.
* Some guns need further tweaking (Deagle / P90)
* Valve servers need lower VAR / higher tickrate
*


**Overall Rating **

8.5 / 10Counter Strike Global Offensive in itself is a good game. We are getting frequent updates from the devs and the player count keeps increase.

Rather than writing a lengthy summary of my opinions of the game I have decided to break it down into two groups of bullet points.


**The Good**


* High skill ceiling but easy to start FPS
* Lots of fun to play with friends / make new friends
* Many of the guns are viable unlike previous versions
* Devs connect with the community and gradually make tweaks and ingame changes after deliberation.


**Needs Improvment**

* Visibility (HDR / Bloom are locked down unlike prior versions).
* Upgraded anti cheat (too many hackers in higher elo MM).
* Movement and accuracy modifications.
* Some guns need further tweaking (Deagle / P90)
* Valve servers need lower VAR / higher tickrate
*


**Overall Rating **

8.5 / 10Counter Strike Global Offensive in itself is a good game. We are getting frequent updates from the devs and the player count keeps increase.

Rather than writing a lengthy summary of my opinions of the game I have decided to break it down into two groups of bullet points.


**The Good**


* High skill ceiling but easy to start FPS
* Lots of fun to play with friends / make new friends
* Many of the guns are viable unlike previous versions
* Devs connect with the community and gradually make tweaks and ingame changes after deliberation.


**Needs Improvment**

* Visibility (HDR / Bloom are locked down unlike prior versions).
* Upgraded anti cheat (too many hackers in higher elo MM).
* Movement and accuracy modifications.
* Some guns need further tweaking (Deagle / P90)
* Valve servers need lower VAR / higher tickrate
*


**Overall Rating **

8.5 / 10Counter Strike Global Offensive in itself is a good game. We are getting frequent updates from the devs and the player count keeps increase.

Rather than writing a lengthy summary of my opinions of the game I have decided to break it down into two groups of bullet points.


**The Good**


* High skill ceiling but easy to start FPS
* Lots of fun to play with friends / make new friends
* Many of the guns are viable unlike previous versions
* Devs connect with the community and gradually make tweaks and ingame changes after deliberation.


**Needs Improvment**

* Visibility (HDR / Bloom are locked down unlike prior versions).
* Upgraded anti cheat (too many hackers in higher elo MM).
* Movement and accuracy modifications.
* Some guns need further tweaking (Deagle / P90)
* Valve servers need lower VAR / higher tickrate
*


**Overall Rating **

8.5 / 10Counter Strike Global Offensive in itself is a good game. We are getting frequent updates from the devs and the player count keeps increase.

Rather than writing a lengthy summary of my opinions of the game I have decided to break it down into two groups of bullet points.


**The Good**


* High skill ceiling but easy to start FPS
* Lots of fun to play with friends / make new friends
* Many of the guns are viable unlike previous versions
* Devs connect with the community and gradually make tweaks and ingame changes after deliberation.


**Needs Improvment**

* Visibility (HDR / Bloom are locked down unlike prior versions).
* Upgraded anti cheat (too many hackers in higher elo MM).
* Movement and accuracy modifications.
* Some guns need further tweaking (Deagle / P90)
* Valve servers need lower VAR / higher tickrate
*


**Overall Rating **

8.5 / 10Counter Strike Global Offensive in itself is a good game. We are getting frequent updates from the devs and the player count keeps increase.

Rather than writing a lengthy summary of my opinions of the game I have decided to break it down into two groups of bullet points.


**The Good**


* High skill ceiling but easy to start FPS
* Lots of fun to play with friends / make new friends
* Many of the guns are viable unlike previous versions
* Devs connect with the community and gradually make tweaks and ingame changes after deliberation.


**Needs Improvment**

* Visibility (HDR / Bloom are locked down unlike prior versions).
* Upgraded anti cheat (too many hackers in higher elo MM).
* Movement and accuracy modifications.
* Some guns need further tweaking (Deagle / P90)
* Valve servers need lower VAR / higher tickrate
*


**Overall Rating **

8.5 / 10Counter Strike Global Offensive in itself is a good game. We are getting frequent updates from the devs and the player count keeps increase.

Rather than writing a lengthy summary of my opinions of the game I have decided to break it down into two groups of bullet points.


**The Good**


* High skill ceiling but easy to start FPS
* Lots of fun to play with friends / make new friends
* Many of the guns are viable unlike previous versions
* Devs connect with the community and gradually make tweaks and ingame changes after deliberation.


**Needs Improvment**

* Visibility (HDR / Bloom are locked down unlike prior versions).
* Upgraded anti cheat (too many hackers in higher elo MM).
* Movement and accuracy modifications.
* Some guns need further tweaking (Deagle / P90)
* Valve servers need lower VAR / higher tickrate
*


**Overall Rating **

8.5 / 10Counter Strike Global Offensive in itself is a good game. We are getting frequent updates from the devs and the player count keeps increase.

Rather than writing a lengthy summary of my opinions of the game I have decided to break it down into two groups of bullet points.


**The Good**


* High skill ceiling but easy to start FPS
* Lots of fun to play with friends / make new friends
* Many of the guns are viable unlike previous versions
* Devs connect with the community and gradually make tweaks and ingame changes after deliberation.


**Needs Improvment**

* Visibility (HDR / Bloom are locked down unlike prior versions).
* Upgraded anti cheat (too many hackers in higher elo MM).
* Movement and accuracy modifications.
* Some guns need further tweaking (Deagle / P90)
* Valve servers need lower VAR / higher tickrate
*


**Overall Rating **

8.5 / 10Counter Strike Global Offensive in itself is a good game. We are getting frequent updates from the devs and the player count keeps increase.

Rather than writing a lengthy summary of my opinions of the game I have decided to break it down into two groups of bullet points.


**The Good**


* High skill ceiling but easy to start FPS
* Lots of fun to play with friends / make new friends
* Many of the guns are viable unlike previous versions
* Devs connect with the community and gradually make tweaks and ingame changes after deliberation.


**Needs Improvment**

* Visibility (HDR / Bloom are locked down unlike prior versions).
* Upgraded anti cheat (too many hackers in higher elo MM).
* Movement and accuracy modifications.
* Some guns need further tweaking (Deagle / P90)
* Valve servers need lower VAR / higher tickrate
*


**Overall Rating **

8.5 / 10

Counter Offensive - Global Strike.Counter Offensive - Global Strike.Counter Offensive - Global Strike.Counter Offensive - Global Strike.Counter Offensive - Global Strike.Counter Offensive - Global Strike.Counter Offensive - Global Strike.Counter Offensive - Global Strike.Counter Offensive - Global Strike.

A very nice game!A very nice game!A very nice game!A very nice game!A very nice game!A very nice game!A very nice game!A very nice game!A very nice game!

Worst update ever. Not playable until the Updates get fixed and the r8 removed/nerfed. Dont buyWorst update ever. Not playable until the Updates get fixed and the r8 removed/nerfed. Dont buyWorst update ever. Not playable until the Updates get fixed and the r8 removed/nerfed. Dont buyWorst update ever. Not playable until the Updates get fixed and the r8 removed/nerfed. Dont buyWorst update ever. Not playable until the Updates get fixed and the r8 removed/nerfed. Dont buyWorst update ever. Not playable until the Updates get fixed and the r8 removed/nerfed. Dont buyWorst update ever. Not playable until the Updates get fixed and the r8 removed/nerfed. Dont buyWorst update ever. Not playable until the Updates get fixed and the r8 removed/nerfed. Dont buyWorst update ever. Not playable until the Updates get fixed and the r8 removed/nerfed. Dont buy

i hate this game a loti hate this game a loti hate this game a loti hate this game a loti hate this game a loti hate this game a loti hate this game a loti hate this game a loti hate this game a lot

How to be a PRO at CSGO

1. Type unbindallmousekeyboard" on the console;
2. Now you can control the game with telepathy;
3. Have fun."How to be a PRO at CSGO

1. Type unbindallmousekeyboard" on the console;
2. Now you can control the game with telepathy;
3. Have fun."How to be a PRO at CSGO

1. Type unbindallmousekeyboard" on the console;
2. Now you can control the game with telepathy;
3. Have fun."How to be a PRO at CSGO

1. Type unbindallmousekeyboard" on the console;
2. Now you can control the game with telepathy;
3. Have fun."How to be a PRO at CSGO

1. Type unbindallmousekeyboard" on the console;
2. Now you can control the game with telepathy;
3. Have fun."How to be a PRO at CSGO

1. Type unbindallmousekeyboard" on the console;
2. Now you can control the game with telepathy;
3. Have fun."How to be a PRO at CSGO

1. Type unbindallmousekeyboard" on the console;
2. Now you can control the game with telepathy;
3. Have fun."How to be a PRO at CSGO

1. Type unbindallmousekeyboard" on the console;
2. Now you can control the game with telepathy;
3. Have fun."How to be a PRO at CSGO

1. Type unbindallmousekeyboard" on the console;
2. Now you can control the game with telepathy;
3. Have fun."

Counter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The Series

Counter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The SeriesCounter Strike Global Offensive is a beautiful addition to the counter strike series it being the forth one to be made i believe valve have done a wonderful job but this isn't why i'm giving this game 10/10 its because You Can Also Kill Chickens For Points In Deathmatch
10/10

:D By Far My Favourite Game In The Series

EDIT: Dead Game, RIP M4 RIP AK RIP Sprays.
R8 it 8/8 would uninstall againEDIT: Dead Game, RIP M4 RIP AK RIP Sprays.
R8 it 8/8 would uninstall againEDIT: Dead Game, RIP M4 RIP AK RIP Sprays.
R8 it 8/8 would uninstall againEDIT: Dead Game, RIP M4 RIP AK RIP Sprays.
R8 it 8/8 would uninstall againEDIT: Dead Game, RIP M4 RIP AK RIP Sprays.
R8 it 8/8 would uninstall againEDIT: Dead Game, RIP M4 RIP AK RIP Sprays.
R8 it 8/8 would uninstall againEDIT: Dead Game, RIP M4 RIP AK RIP Sprays.
R8 it 8/8 would uninstall againEDIT: Dead Game, RIP M4 RIP AK RIP Sprays.
R8 it 8/8 would uninstall again

When Counter Strike: GO came out it wasn't very good, and the online servers was quite dead.
But after a year of updates the game have become really good! I knew Valve and the team behind cs wouldn't let the cs fans down. Counter strike GO offers different gamemodes, improved graphics and overall options, a ranking system for those interested and a good variety of maps and weapons! The competitive scene have grown, and I think thats great. Unlike some other FPS, cs requires skill and training. When the game came out you couldn't customize the weapons very much, but now thats possible, with thousands of badass looking skins and stuff. CS:GO is really cheap compared to most competitors, so Im recommending it without doubt.When Counter Strike: GO came out it wasn't very good, and the online servers was quite dead.
But after a year of updates the game have become really good! I knew Valve and the team behind cs wouldn't let the cs fans down. Counter strike GO offers different gamemodes, improved graphics and overall options, a ranking system for those interested and a good variety of maps and weapons! The competitive scene have grown, and I think thats great. Unlike some other FPS, cs requires skill and training. When the game came out you couldn't customize the weapons very much, but now thats possible, with thousands of badass looking skins and stuff. CS:GO is really cheap compared to most competitors, so Im recommending it without doubt.When Counter Strike: GO came out it wasn't very good, and the online servers was quite dead.
But after a year of updates the game have become really good! I knew Valve and the team behind cs wouldn't let the cs fans down. Counter strike GO offers different gamemodes, improved graphics and overall options, a ranking system for those interested and a good variety of maps and weapons! The competitive scene have grown, and I think thats great. Unlike some other FPS, cs requires skill and training. When the game came out you couldn't customize the weapons very much, but now thats possible, with thousands of badass looking skins and stuff. CS:GO is really cheap compared to most competitors, so Im recommending it without doubt.When Counter Strike: GO came out it wasn't very good, and the online servers was quite dead.
But after a year of updates the game have become really good! I knew Valve and the team behind cs wouldn't let the cs fans down. Counter strike GO offers different gamemodes, improved graphics and overall options, a ranking system for those interested and a good variety of maps and weapons! The competitive scene have grown, and I think thats great. Unlike some other FPS, cs requires skill and training. When the game came out you couldn't customize the weapons very much, but now thats possible, with thousands of badass looking skins and stuff. CS:GO is really cheap compared to most competitors, so Im recommending it without doubt.When Counter Strike: GO came out it wasn't very good, and the online servers was quite dead.
But after a year of updates the game have become really good! I knew Valve and the team behind cs wouldn't let the cs fans down. Counter strike GO offers different gamemodes, improved graphics and overall options, a ranking system for those interested and a good variety of maps and weapons! The competitive scene have grown, and I think thats great. Unlike some other FPS, cs requires skill and training. When the game came out you couldn't customize the weapons very much, but now thats possible, with thousands of badass looking skins and stuff. CS:GO is really cheap compared to most competitors, so Im recommending it without doubt.When Counter Strike: GO came out it wasn't very good, and the online servers was quite dead.
But after a year of updates the game have become really good! I knew Valve and the team behind cs wouldn't let the cs fans down. Counter strike GO offers different gamemodes, improved graphics and overall options, a ranking system for those interested and a good variety of maps and weapons! The competitive scene have grown, and I think thats great. Unlike some other FPS, cs requires skill and training. When the game came out you couldn't customize the weapons very much, but now thats possible, with thousands of badass looking skins and stuff. CS:GO is really cheap compared to most competitors, so Im recommending it without doubt.When Counter Strike: GO came out it wasn't very good, and the online servers was quite dead.
But after a year of updates the game have become really good! I knew Valve and the team behind cs wouldn't let the cs fans down. Counter strike GO offers different gamemodes, improved graphics and overall options, a ranking system for those interested and a good variety of maps and weapons! The competitive scene have grown, and I think thats great. Unlike some other FPS, cs requires skill and training. When the game came out you couldn't customize the weapons very much, but now thats possible, with thousands of badass looking skins and stuff. CS:GO is really cheap compared to most competitors, so Im recommending it without doubt.When Counter Strike: GO came out it wasn't very good, and the online servers was quite dead.
But after a year of updates the game have become really good! I knew Valve and the team behind cs wouldn't let the cs fans down. Counter strike GO offers different gamemodes, improved graphics and overall options, a ranking system for those interested and a good variety of maps and weapons! The competitive scene have grown, and I think thats great. Unlike some other FPS, cs requires skill and training. When the game came out you couldn't customize the weapons very much, but now thats possible, with thousands of badass looking skins and stuff. CS:GO is really cheap compared to most competitors, so Im recommending it without doubt.

Best update, the game finally officially suck now. There is no doubt about it anymore.Best update, the game finally officially suck now. There is no doubt about it anymore.Best update, the game finally officially suck now. There is no doubt about it anymore.Best update, the game finally officially suck now. There is no doubt about it anymore.Best update, the game finally officially suck now. There is no doubt about it anymore.Best update, the game finally officially suck now. There is no doubt about it anymore.Best update, the game finally officially suck now. There is no doubt about it anymore.Best update, the game finally officially suck now. There is no doubt about it anymore.

I grew up on the series. Love and hate, but it always had some magic and made me come back. When I got the opportunity to play the CS:GO closed beta it was amazing. Top notch stuff, guns had a great feel back then, no stupid stickers or skins, no failed updates. Even the final product released a year ago was good.
Since the introducing of the skins, performance went to the drain (bear in mind the Source engine is 10 years old now), stability is a word of a past and the COD effect among newcomers is at an all-time high. This is not even remotely satisfying.

If you find 1.6 or CSS dear, DON'T SWAP! Otherwise, you will live to regret it. You'll become a twisted shadow of your former self, incapable of gaming on that proper level ever again when you go back out of frustration.

The number of cheaters and the way the support/dev team does not care about this product - makes me want to vomit.

WELCOME TO COMMUNITY TESTED PAYED BETA!

7.10.14 Update:
If your behinds hurt, I feel sorry for you. Focus on getting them random headshots we all get but never admit. And no, I do not mean the ones that kill us, but the ones that we frag mid air, mid run which should not even happen. But yes, you call that skill, cause it hurts the ego.I grew up on the series. Love and hate, but it always had some magic and made me come back. When I got the opportunity to play the CS:GO closed beta it was amazing. Top notch stuff, guns had a great feel back then, no stupid stickers or skins, no failed updates. Even the final product released a year ago was good.
Since the introducing of the skins, performance went to the drain (bear in mind the Source engine is 10 years old now), stability is a word of a past and the COD effect among newcomers is at an all-time high. This is not even remotely satisfying.

If you find 1.6 or CSS dear, DON'T SWAP! Otherwise, you will live to regret it. You'll become a twisted shadow of your former self, incapable of gaming on that proper level ever again when you go back out of frustration.

The number of cheaters and the way the support/dev team does not care about this product - makes me want to vomit.

WELCOME TO COMMUNITY TESTED PAYED BETA!

7.10.14 Update:
If your behinds hurt, I feel sorry for you. Focus on getting them random headshots we all get but never admit. And no, I do not mean the ones that kill us, but the ones that we frag mid air, mid run which should not even happen. But yes, you call that skill, cause it hurts the ego.I grew up on the series. Love and hate, but it always had some magic and made me come back. When I got the opportunity to play the CS:GO closed beta it was amazing. Top notch stuff, guns had a great feel back then, no stupid stickers or skins, no failed updates. Even the final product released a year ago was good.
Since the introducing of the skins, performance went to the drain (bear in mind the Source engine is 10 years old now), stability is a word of a past and the COD effect among newcomers is at an all-time high. This is not even remotely satisfying.

If you find 1.6 or CSS dear, DON'T SWAP! Otherwise, you will live to regret it. You'll become a twisted shadow of your former self, incapable of gaming on that proper level ever again when you go back out of frustration.

The number of cheaters and the way the support/dev team does not care about this product - makes me want to vomit.

WELCOME TO COMMUNITY TESTED PAYED BETA!

7.10.14 Update:
If your behinds hurt, I feel sorry for you. Focus on getting them random headshots we all get but never admit. And no, I do not mean the ones that kill us, but the ones that we frag mid air, mid run which should not even happen. But yes, you call that skill, cause it hurts the ego.I grew up on the series. Love and hate, but it always had some magic and made me come back. When I got the opportunity to play the CS:GO closed beta it was amazing. Top notch stuff, guns had a great feel back then, no stupid stickers or skins, no failed updates. Even the final product released a year ago was good.
Since the introducing of the skins, performance went to the drain (bear in mind the Source engine is 10 years old now), stability is a word of a past and the COD effect among newcomers is at an all-time high. This is not even remotely satisfying.

If you find 1.6 or CSS dear, DON'T SWAP! Otherwise, you will live to regret it. You'll become a twisted shadow of your former self, incapable of gaming on that proper level ever again when you go back out of frustration.

The number of cheaters and the way the support/dev team does not care about this product - makes me want to vomit.

WELCOME TO COMMUNITY TESTED PAYED BETA!

7.10.14 Update:
If your behinds hurt, I feel sorry for you. Focus on getting them random headshots we all get but never admit. And no, I do not mean the ones that kill us, but the ones that we frag mid air, mid run which should not even happen. But yes, you call that skill, cause it hurts the ego.I grew up on the series. Love and hate, but it always had some magic and made me come back. When I got the opportunity to play the CS:GO closed beta it was amazing. Top notch stuff, guns had a great feel back then, no stupid stickers or skins, no failed updates. Even the final product released a year ago was good.
Since the introducing of the skins, performance went to the drain (bear in mind the Source engine is 10 years old now), stability is a word of a past and the COD effect among newcomers is at an all-time high. This is not even remotely satisfying.

If you find 1.6 or CSS dear, DON'T SWAP! Otherwise, you will live to regret it. You'll become a twisted shadow of your former self, incapable of gaming on that proper level ever again when you go back out of frustration.

The number of cheaters and the way the support/dev team does not care about this product - makes me want to vomit.

WELCOME TO COMMUNITY TESTED PAYED BETA!

7.10.14 Update:
If your behinds hurt, I feel sorry for you. Focus on getting them random headshots we all get but never admit. And no, I do not mean the ones that kill us, but the ones that we frag mid air, mid run which should not even happen. But yes, you call that skill, cause it hurts the ego.I grew up on the series. Love and hate, but it always had some magic and made me come back. When I got the opportunity to play the CS:GO closed beta it was amazing. Top notch stuff, guns had a great feel back then, no stupid stickers or skins, no failed updates. Even the final product released a year ago was good.
Since the introducing of the skins, performance went to the drain (bear in mind the Source engine is 10 years old now), stability is a word of a past and the COD effect among newcomers is at an all-time high. This is not even remotely satisfying.

If you find 1.6 or CSS dear, DON'T SWAP! Otherwise, you will live to regret it. You'll become a twisted shadow of your former self, incapable of gaming on that proper level ever again when you go back out of frustration.

The number of cheaters and the way the support/dev team does not care about this product - makes me want to vomit.

WELCOME TO COMMUNITY TESTED PAYED BETA!

7.10.14 Update:
If your behinds hurt, I feel sorry for you. Focus on getting them random headshots we all get but never admit. And no, I do not mean the ones that kill us, but the ones that we frag mid air, mid run which should not even happen. But yes, you call that skill, cause it hurts the ego.I grew up on the series. Love and hate, but it always had some magic and made me come back. When I got the opportunity to play the CS:GO closed beta it was amazing. Top notch stuff, guns had a great feel back then, no stupid stickers or skins, no failed updates. Even the final product released a year ago was good.
Since the introducing of the skins, performance went to the drain (bear in mind the Source engine is 10 years old now), stability is a word of a past and the COD effect among newcomers is at an all-time high. This is not even remotely satisfying.

If you find 1.6 or CSS dear, DON'T SWAP! Otherwise, you will live to regret it. You'll become a twisted shadow of your former self, incapable of gaming on that proper level ever again when you go back out of frustration.

The number of cheaters and the way the support/dev team does not care about this product - makes me want to vomit.

WELCOME TO COMMUNITY TESTED PAYED BETA!

7.10.14 Update:
If your behinds hurt, I feel sorry for you. Focus on getting them random headshots we all get but never admit. And no, I do not mean the ones that kill us, but the ones that we frag mid air, mid run which should not even happen. But yes, you call that skill, cause it hurts the ego.I grew up on the series. Love and hate, but it always had some magic and made me come back. When I got the opportunity to play the CS:GO closed beta it was amazing. Top notch stuff, guns had a great feel back then, no stupid stickers or skins, no failed updates. Even the final product released a year ago was good.
Since the introducing of the skins, performance went to the drain (bear in mind the Source engine is 10 years old now), stability is a word of a past and the COD effect among newcomers is at an all-time high. This is not even remotely satisfying.

If you find 1.6 or CSS dear, DON'T SWAP! Otherwise, you will live to regret it. You'll become a twisted shadow of your former self, incapable of gaming on that proper level ever again when you go back out of frustration.

The number of cheaters and the way the support/dev team does not care about this product - makes me want to vomit.

WELCOME TO COMMUNITY TESTED PAYED BETA!

7.10.14 Update:
If your behinds hurt, I feel sorry for you. Focus on getting them random headshots we all get but never admit. And no, I do not mean the ones that kill us, but the ones that we frag mid air, mid run which should not even happen. But yes, you call that skill, cause it hurts the ego.

Today I played with a Russian
It looked like we could win the match
But then he started talking
So my heart got a heavy scratch

#cykablyatToday I played with a Russian
It looked like we could win the match
But then he started talking
So my heart got a heavy scratch

#cykablyatToday I played with a Russian
It looked like we could win the match
But then he started talking
So my heart got a heavy scratch

#cykablyatToday I played with a Russian
It looked like we could win the match
But then he started talking
So my heart got a heavy scratch

#cykablyatToday I played with a Russian
It looked like we could win the match
But then he started talking
So my heart got a heavy scratch

#cykablyatToday I played with a Russian
It looked like we could win the match
But then he started talking
So my heart got a heavy scratch

#cykablyatToday I played with a Russian
It looked like we could win the match
But then he started talking
So my heart got a heavy scratch

#cykablyatToday I played with a Russian
It looked like we could win the match
But then he started talking
So my heart got a heavy scratch

#cykablyat

This game has become a great FPS in my library. I played a CS mod many, many years ago (Tactical Ops: Assualt on Terror) and loved it always wanted to play it online but never could at that time. I finally bought Global Offensive and I've been impressed everything I was expecting and much more. It's a simple FPS with different modes search and destroy, hostange rescue, TDM, and more.

I will give you the warning, it's very difacult to be good at this game. The level of compitition is great. I honestly can go into a game and suck and have fun or light up the scores and still have fun. I typically play just competitive matches where it's a 30 round game first team to 16 round wins wins the match. It varies by map as to which game mode you play and in each round you only get one life. Sounds hard right? Exactly! Competitive is a blast. I highly recomend this game if you like FPS and like playing online. Use stradegy, play with friends, play with strangers and remember DO NOT PLAY THIS WITHOUT HEADPHONES IF IN PUBLIC PLACE! The bomb has been planted is not something you want heard outloud. Just saying.

My rating 9.5/10 very awesome game!"This game has become a great FPS in my library. I played a CS mod many, many years ago (Tactical Ops: Assualt on Terror) and loved it always wanted to play it online but never could at that time. I finally bought Global Offensive and I've been impressed everything I was expecting and much more. It's a simple FPS with different modes search and destroy, hostange rescue, TDM, and more.

I will give you the warning, it's very difacult to be good at this game. The level of compitition is great. I honestly can go into a game and suck and have fun or light up the scores and still have fun. I typically play just competitive matches where it's a 30 round game first team to 16 round wins wins the match. It varies by map as to which game mode you play and in each round you only get one life. Sounds hard right? Exactly! Competitive is a blast. I highly recomend this game if you like FPS and like playing online. Use stradegy, play with friends, play with strangers and remember DO NOT PLAY THIS WITHOUT HEADPHONES IF IN PUBLIC PLACE! The bomb has been planted is not something you want heard outloud. Just saying.

My rating 9.5/10 very awesome game!"This game has become a great FPS in my library. I played a CS mod many, many years ago (Tactical Ops: Assualt on Terror) and loved it always wanted to play it online but never could at that time. I finally bought Global Offensive and I've been impressed everything I was expecting and much more. It's a simple FPS with different modes search and destroy, hostange rescue, TDM, and more.

I will give you the warning, it's very difacult to be good at this game. The level of compitition is great. I honestly can go into a game and suck and have fun or light up the scores and still have fun. I typically play just competitive matches where it's a 30 round game first team to 16 round wins wins the match. It varies by map as to which game mode you play and in each round you only get one life. Sounds hard right? Exactly! Competitive is a blast. I highly recomend this game if you like FPS and like playing online. Use stradegy, play with friends, play with strangers and remember DO NOT PLAY THIS WITHOUT HEADPHONES IF IN PUBLIC PLACE! The bomb has been planted is not something you want heard outloud. Just saying.

My rating 9.5/10 very awesome game!"This game has become a great FPS in my library. I played a CS mod many, many years ago (Tactical Ops: Assualt on Terror) and loved it always wanted to play it online but never could at that time. I finally bought Global Offensive and I've been impressed everything I was expecting and much more. It's a simple FPS with different modes search and destroy, hostange rescue, TDM, and more.

I will give you the warning, it's very difacult to be good at this game. The level of compitition is great. I honestly can go into a game and suck and have fun or light up the scores and still have fun. I typically play just competitive matches where it's a 30 round game first team to 16 round wins wins the match. It varies by map as to which game mode you play and in each round you only get one life. Sounds hard right? Exactly! Competitive is a blast. I highly recomend this game if you like FPS and like playing online. Use stradegy, play with friends, play with strangers and remember DO NOT PLAY THIS WITHOUT HEADPHONES IF IN PUBLIC PLACE! The bomb has been planted is not something you want heard outloud. Just saying.

My rating 9.5/10 very awesome game!"This game has become a great FPS in my library. I played a CS mod many, many years ago (Tactical Ops: Assualt on Terror) and loved it always wanted to play it online but never could at that time. I finally bought Global Offensive and I've been impressed everything I was expecting and much more. It's a simple FPS with different modes search and destroy, hostange rescue, TDM, and more.

I will give you the warning, it's very difacult to be good at this game. The level of compitition is great. I honestly can go into a game and suck and have fun or light up the scores and still have fun. I typically play just competitive matches where it's a 30 round game first team to 16 round wins wins the match. It varies by map as to which game mode you play and in each round you only get one life. Sounds hard right? Exactly! Competitive is a blast. I highly recomend this game if you like FPS and like playing online. Use stradegy, play with friends, play with strangers and remember DO NOT PLAY THIS WITHOUT HEADPHONES IF IN PUBLIC PLACE! The bomb has been planted is not something you want heard outloud. Just saying.

My rating 9.5/10 very awesome game!"This game has become a great FPS in my library. I played a CS mod many, many years ago (Tactical Ops: Assualt on Terror) and loved it always wanted to play it online but never could at that time. I finally bought Global Offensive and I've been impressed everything I was expecting and much more. It's a simple FPS with different modes search and destroy, hostange rescue, TDM, and more.

I will give you the warning, it's very difacult to be good at this game. The level of compitition is great. I honestly can go into a game and suck and have fun or light up the scores and still have fun. I typically play just competitive matches where it's a 30 round game first team to 16 round wins wins the match. It varies by map as to which game mode you play and in each round you only get one life. Sounds hard right? Exactly! Competitive is a blast. I highly recomend this game if you like FPS and like playing online. Use stradegy, play with friends, play with strangers and remember DO NOT PLAY THIS WITHOUT HEADPHONES IF IN PUBLIC PLACE! The bomb has been planted is not something you want heard outloud. Just saying.

My rating 9.5/10 very awesome game!"This game has become a great FPS in my library. I played a CS mod many, many years ago (Tactical Ops: Assualt on Terror) and loved it always wanted to play it online but never could at that time. I finally bought Global Offensive and I've been impressed everything I was expecting and much more. It's a simple FPS with different modes search and destroy, hostange rescue, TDM, and more.

I will give you the warning, it's very difacult to be good at this game. The level of compitition is great. I honestly can go into a game and suck and have fun or light up the scores and still have fun. I typically play just competitive matches where it's a 30 round game first team to 16 round wins wins the match. It varies by map as to which game mode you play and in each round you only get one life. Sounds hard right? Exactly! Competitive is a blast. I highly recomend this game if you like FPS and like playing online. Use stradegy, play with friends, play with strangers and remember DO NOT PLAY THIS WITHOUT HEADPHONES IF IN PUBLIC PLACE! The bomb has been planted is not something you want heard outloud. Just saying.

My rating 9.5/10 very awesome game!"This game has become a great FPS in my library. I played a CS mod many, many years ago (Tactical Ops: Assualt on Terror) and loved it always wanted to play it online but never could at that time. I finally bought Global Offensive and I've been impressed everything I was expecting and much more. It's a simple FPS with different modes search and destroy, hostange rescue, TDM, and more.

I will give you the warning, it's very difacult to be good at this game. The level of compitition is great. I honestly can go into a game and suck and have fun or light up the scores and still have fun. I typically play just competitive matches where it's a 30 round game first team to 16 round wins wins the match. It varies by map as to which game mode you play and in each round you only get one life. Sounds hard right? Exactly! Competitive is a blast. I highly recomend this game if you like FPS and like playing online. Use stradegy, play with friends, play with strangers and remember DO NOT PLAY THIS WITHOUT HEADPHONES IF IN PUBLIC PLACE! The bomb has been planted is not something you want heard outloud. Just saying.

My rating 9.5/10 very awesome game!"

It's okIt's okIt's okIt's okIt's okIt's okIt's okIt's ok

Hey. I am going to make a review of the game Counter Strike Global Offensive

My experice - I have played cs for 2k hours + watched/followed the scene for a long time and now some history as well. I hope you learn something and maybe even buy csgo after you've read my review. :)

Counter Strike is an fps game, where the only thing that matters is skill (aim + gamesense + communication). It's the opposite of a Pay to win" Game. It is true that u can spend how ever much money you want on SkinsHey. I am going to make a review of the game Counter Strike Global Offensive

My experice - I have played cs for 2k hours + watched/followed the scene for a long time and now some history as well. I hope you learn something and maybe even buy csgo after you've read my review. :)

Counter Strike is an fps game, where the only thing that matters is skill (aim + gamesense + communication). It's the opposite of a Pay to win" Game. It is true that u can spend how ever much money you want on SkinsHey. I am going to make a review of the game Counter Strike Global Offensive

My experice - I have played cs for 2k hours + watched/followed the scene for a long time and now some history as well. I hope you learn something and maybe even buy csgo after you've read my review. :)

Counter Strike is an fps game, where the only thing that matters is skill (aim + gamesense + communication). It's the opposite of a Pay to win" Game. It is true that u can spend how ever much money you want on SkinsHey. I am going to make a review of the game Counter Strike Global Offensive

My experice - I have played cs for 2k hours + watched/followed the scene for a long time and now some history as well. I hope you learn something and maybe even buy csgo after you've read my review. :)

Counter Strike is an fps game, where the only thing that matters is skill (aim + gamesense + communication). It's the opposite of a Pay to win" Game. It is true that u can spend how ever much money you want on SkinsHey. I am going to make a review of the game Counter Strike Global Offensive

My experice - I have played cs for 2k hours + watched/followed the scene for a long time and now some history as well. I hope you learn something and maybe even buy csgo after you've read my review. :)

Counter Strike is an fps game, where the only thing that matters is skill (aim + gamesense + communication). It's the opposite of a Pay to win" Game. It is true that u can spend how ever much money you want on SkinsHey. I am going to make a review of the game Counter Strike Global Offensive

My experice - I have played cs for 2k hours + watched/followed the scene for a long time and now some history as well. I hope you learn something and maybe even buy csgo after you've read my review. :)

Counter Strike is an fps game, where the only thing that matters is skill (aim + gamesense + communication). It's the opposite of a Pay to win" Game. It is true that u can spend how ever much money you want on SkinsHey. I am going to make a review of the game Counter Strike Global Offensive

My experice - I have played cs for 2k hours + watched/followed the scene for a long time and now some history as well. I hope you learn something and maybe even buy csgo after you've read my review. :)

Counter Strike is an fps game, where the only thing that matters is skill (aim + gamesense + communication). It's the opposite of a Pay to win" Game. It is true that u can spend how ever much money you want on SkinsHey. I am going to make a review of the game Counter Strike Global Offensive

My experice - I have played cs for 2k hours + watched/followed the scene for a long time and now some history as well. I hope you learn something and maybe even buy csgo after you've read my review. :)

Counter Strike is an fps game, where the only thing that matters is skill (aim + gamesense + communication). It's the opposite of a Pay to win" Game. It is true that u can spend how ever much money you want on Skins

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a tactical competitive first person shooter.

Aspect        Review                Gameplay        The competitive game mode is the main grasp of the game for me. It features close to endless enjoyment and always offers a different experience each time. The game is heavily skill based, and will require some time and effort to get better. There is plenty of guns, all with different recoil patterns. There are many maps in the game, and new ones are added during operations. There are also community maps you can play with friends as well. The other gamemodes to competitive are more casual gamemodes, but are usually not as enjoyable, due to the lack of skill groups meaning you will end up against better or worse opponents to yourself.                Graphics and Optimisation        Graphics are not the main aim of CS:GO. They are nothing special, but are definately improved over previous games. The game is decently optimised, and can run on many machines, even old ones!                Additional Content        The game has microtransactions in the form of weapon skins. They offer no in-game advantage and simply change the appearance of the weapon. They can be bought in the form of cases and keys, bought off the market individually or earned by playing the game as drops. You can sell the weapons and cases you earn from playing the game on the market, equip them for yourself or trade with other players.                Value        This game is probably my most played game on Steam. I bought the game on sale for 2.50, but to be honest it's worth the full 12. If you do end up getting it on sale, you could probably earn the money back from weapon skins, or even profit. Of course, this is even possible when buying the game for the full price, but less likely.
Aspect        Score (/10)                Gameplay        10                Graphics & Optimisation        6                Additional Content        10                Value        10                Pay to win?        No                OVERALL        10
Notes: I rate this game to be the best FPS game I have ever played!!! I don't rate any other game on Steam I have higher, I recommend this for literally anyone!Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a tactical competitive first person shooter.

Aspect        Review                Gameplay        The competitive game mode is the main grasp of the game for me. It features close to endless enjoyment and always offers a different experience each time. The game is heavily skill based, and will require some time and effort to get better. There is plenty of guns, all with different recoil patterns. There are many maps in the game, and new ones are added during operations. There are also community maps you can play with friends as well. The other gamemodes to competitive are more casual gamemodes, but are usually not as enjoyable, due to the lack of skill groups meaning you will end up against better or worse opponents to yourself.                Graphics and Optimisation        Graphics are not the main aim of CS:GO. They are nothing special, but are definately improved over previous games. The game is decently optimised, and can run on many machines, even old ones!                Additional Content        The game has microtransactions in the form of weapon skins. They offer no in-game advantage and simply change the appearance of the weapon. They can be bought in the form of cases and keys, bought off the market individually or earned by playing the game as drops. You can sell the weapons and cases you earn from playing the game on the market, equip them for yourself or trade with other players.                Value        This game is probably my most played game on Steam. I bought the game on sale for 2.50, but to be honest it's worth the full 12. If you do end up getting it on sale, you could probably earn the money back from weapon skins, or even profit. Of course, this is even possible when buying the game for the full price, but less likely.
Aspect        Score (/10)                Gameplay        10                Graphics & Optimisation        6                Additional Content        10                Value        10                Pay to win?        No                OVERALL        10
Notes: I rate this game to be the best FPS game I have ever played!!! I don't rate any other game on Steam I have higher, I recommend this for literally anyone!Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a tactical competitive first person shooter.

Aspect        Review                Gameplay        The competitive game mode is the main grasp of the game for me. It features close to endless enjoyment and always offers a different experience each time. The game is heavily skill based, and will require some time and effort to get better. There is plenty of guns, all with different recoil patterns. There are many maps in the game, and new ones are added during operations. There are also community maps you can play with friends as well. The other gamemodes to competitive are more casual gamemodes, but are usually not as enjoyable, due to the lack of skill groups meaning you will end up against better or worse opponents to yourself.                Graphics and Optimisation        Graphics are not the main aim of CS:GO. They are nothing special, but are definately improved over previous games. The game is decently optimised, and can run on many machines, even old ones!                Additional Content        The game has microtransactions in the form of weapon skins. They offer no in-game advantage and simply change the appearance of the weapon. They can be bought in the form of cases and keys, bought off the market individually or earned by playing the game as drops. You can sell the weapons and cases you earn from playing the game on the market, equip them for yourself or trade with other players.                Value        This game is probably my most played game on Steam. I bought the game on sale for 2.50, but to be honest it's worth the full 12. If you do end up getting it on sale, you could probably earn the money back from weapon skins, or even profit. Of course, this is even possible when buying the game for the full price, but less likely.
Aspect        Score (/10)                Gameplay        10                Graphics & Optimisation        6                Additional Content        10                Value        10                Pay to win?        No                OVERALL        10
Notes: I rate this game to be the best FPS game I have ever played!!! I don't rate any other game on Steam I have higher, I recommend this for literally anyone!Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a tactical competitive first person shooter.

Aspect        Review                Gameplay        The competitive game mode is the main grasp of the game for me. It features close to endless enjoyment and always offers a different experience each time. The game is heavily skill based, and will require some time and effort to get better. There is plenty of guns, all with different recoil patterns. There are many maps in the game, and new ones are added during operations. There are also community maps you can play with friends as well. The other gamemodes to competitive are more casual gamemodes, but are usually not as enjoyable, due to the lack of skill groups meaning you will end up against better or worse opponents to yourself.                Graphics and Optimisation        Graphics are not the main aim of CS:GO. They are nothing special, but are definately improved over previous games. The game is decently optimised, and can run on many machines, even old ones!                Additional Content        The game has microtransactions in the form of weapon skins. They offer no in-game advantage and simply change the appearance of the weapon. They can be bought in the form of cases and keys, bought off the market individually or earned by playing the game as drops. You can sell the weapons and cases you earn from playing the game on the market, equip them for yourself or trade with other players.                Value        This game is probably my most played game on Steam. I bought the game on sale for 2.50, but to be honest it's worth the full 12. If you do end up getting it on sale, you could probably earn the money back from weapon skins, or even profit. Of course, this is even possible when buying the game for the full price, but less likely.
Aspect        Score (/10)                Gameplay        10                Graphics & Optimisation        6                Additional Content        10                Value        10                Pay to win?        No                OVERALL        10
Notes: I rate this game to be the best FPS game I have ever played!!! I don't rate any other game on Steam I have higher, I recommend this for literally anyone!Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a tactical competitive first person shooter.

Aspect        Review                Gameplay        The competitive game mode is the main grasp of the game for me. It features close to endless enjoyment and always offers a different experience each time. The game is heavily skill based, and will require some time and effort to get better. There is plenty of guns, all with different recoil patterns. There are many maps in the game, and new ones are added during operations. There are also community maps you can play with friends as well. The other gamemodes to competitive are more casual gamemodes, but are usually not as enjoyable, due to the lack of skill groups meaning you will end up against better or worse opponents to yourself.                Graphics and Optimisation        Graphics are not the main aim of CS:GO. They are nothing special, but are definately improved over previous games. The game is decently optimised, and can run on many machines, even old ones!                Additional Content        The game has microtransactions in the form of weapon skins. They offer no in-game advantage and simply change the appearance of the weapon. They can be bought in the form of cases and keys, bought off the market individually or earned by playing the game as drops. You can sell the weapons and cases you earn from playing the game on the market, equip them for yourself or trade with other players.                Value        This game is probably my most played game on Steam. I bought the game on sale for 2.50, but to be honest it's worth the full 12. If you do end up getting it on sale, you could probably earn the money back from weapon skins, or even profit. Of course, this is even possible when buying the game for the full price, but less likely.
Aspect        Score (/10)                Gameplay        10                Graphics & Optimisation        6                Additional Content        10                Value        10                Pay to win?        No                OVERALL        10
Notes: I rate this game to be the best FPS game I have ever played!!! I don't rate any other game on Steam I have higher, I recommend this for literally anyone!Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a tactical competitive first person shooter.

Aspect        Review                Gameplay        The competitive game mode is the main grasp of the game for me. It features close to endless enjoyment and always offers a different experience each time. The game is heavily skill based, and will require some time and effort to get better. There is plenty of guns, all with different recoil patterns. There are many maps in the game, and new ones are added during operations. There are also community maps you can play with friends as well. The other gamemodes to competitive are more casual gamemodes, but are usually not as enjoyable, due to the lack of skill groups meaning you will end up against better or worse opponents to yourself.                Graphics and Optimisation        Graphics are not the main aim of CS:GO. They are nothing special, but are definately improved over previous games. The game is decently optimised, and can run on many machines, even old ones!                Additional Content        The game has microtransactions in the form of weapon skins. They offer no in-game advantage and simply change the appearance of the weapon. They can be bought in the form of cases and keys, bought off the market individually or earned by playing the game as drops. You can sell the weapons and cases you earn from playing the game on the market, equip them for yourself or trade with other players.                Value        This game is probably my most played game on Steam. I bought the game on sale for 2.50, but to be honest it's worth the full 12. If you do end up getting it on sale, you could probably earn the money back from weapon skins, or even profit. Of course, this is even possible when buying the game for the full price, but less likely.
Aspect        Score (/10)                Gameplay        10                Graphics & Optimisation        6                Additional Content        10                Value        10                Pay to win?        No                OVERALL        10
Notes: I rate this game to be the best FPS game I have ever played!!! I don't rate any other game on Steam I have higher, I recommend this for literally anyone!Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a tactical competitive first person shooter.

Aspect        Review                Gameplay        The competitive game mode is the main grasp of the game for me. It features close to endless enjoyment and always offers a different experience each time. The game is heavily skill based, and will require some time and effort to get better. There is plenty of guns, all with different recoil patterns. There are many maps in the game, and new ones are added during operations. There are also community maps you can play with friends as well. The other gamemodes to competitive are more casual gamemodes, but are usually not as enjoyable, due to the lack of skill groups meaning you will end up against better or worse opponents to yourself.                Graphics and Optimisation        Graphics are not the main aim of CS:GO. They are nothing special, but are definately improved over previous games. The game is decently optimised, and can run on many machines, even old ones!                Additional Content        The game has microtransactions in the form of weapon skins. They offer no in-game advantage and simply change the appearance of the weapon. They can be bought in the form of cases and keys, bought off the market individually or earned by playing the game as drops. You can sell the weapons and cases you earn from playing the game on the market, equip them for yourself or trade with other players.                Value        This game is probably my most played game on Steam. I bought the game on sale for 2.50, but to be honest it's worth the full 12. If you do end up getting it on sale, you could probably earn the money back from weapon skins, or even profit. Of course, this is even possible when buying the game for the full price, but less likely.
Aspect        Score (/10)                Gameplay        10                Graphics & Optimisation        6                Additional Content        10                Value        10                Pay to win?        No                OVERALL        10
Notes: I rate this game to be the best FPS game I have ever played!!! I don't rate any other game on Steam I have higher, I recommend this for literally anyone!Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a tactical competitive first person shooter.

Aspect        Review                Gameplay        The competitive game mode is the main grasp of the game for me. It features close to endless enjoyment and always offers a different experience each time. The game is heavily skill based, and will require some time and effort to get better. There is plenty of guns, all with different recoil patterns. There are many maps in the game, and new ones are added during operations. There are also community maps you can play with friends as well. The other gamemodes to competitive are more casual gamemodes, but are usually not as enjoyable, due to the lack of skill groups meaning you will end up against better or worse opponents to yourself.                Graphics and Optimisation        Graphics are not the main aim of CS:GO. They are nothing special, but are definately improved over previous games. The game is decently optimised, and can run on many machines, even old ones!                Additional Content        The game has microtransactions in the form of weapon skins. They offer no in-game advantage and simply change the appearance of the weapon. They can be bought in the form of cases and keys, bought off the market individually or earned by playing the game as drops. You can sell the weapons and cases you earn from playing the game on the market, equip them for yourself or trade with other players.                Value        This game is probably my most played game on Steam. I bought the game on sale for 2.50, but to be honest it's worth the full 12. If you do end up getting it on sale, you could probably earn the money back from weapon skins, or even profit. Of course, this is even possible when buying the game for the full price, but less likely.
Aspect        Score (/10)                Gameplay        10                Graphics & Optimisation        6                Additional Content        10                Value        10                Pay to win?        No                OVERALL        10
Notes: I rate this game to be the best FPS game I have ever played!!! I don't rate any other game on Steam I have higher, I recommend this for literally anyone!

C y k a



Blyat.C y k a



Blyat.C y k a



Blyat.C y k a



Blyat.C y k a



Blyat.C y k a



Blyat.C y k a



Blyat.C y k a



Blyat.

A piece of sh!t broken unbalanced game with broken unbalanced maps and most likely the most toxic community any game has seen.A piece of sh!t broken unbalanced game with broken unbalanced maps and most likely the most toxic community any game has seen.A piece of sh!t broken unbalanced game with broken unbalanced maps and most likely the most toxic community any game has seen.A piece of sh!t broken unbalanced game with broken unbalanced maps and most likely the most toxic community any game has seen.A piece of sh!t broken unbalanced game with broken unbalanced maps and most likely the most toxic community any game has seen.A piece of sh!t broken unbalanced game with broken unbalanced maps and most likely the most toxic community any game has seen.A piece of sh!t broken unbalanced game with broken unbalanced maps and most likely the most toxic community any game has seen.A piece of sh!t broken unbalanced game with broken unbalanced maps and most likely the most toxic community any game has seen.

I'm probably going to get ripped by veterans due to my low" playtimeI'm probably going to get ripped by veterans due to my low" playtimeI'm probably going to get ripped by veterans due to my low" playtimeI'm probably going to get ripped by veterans due to my low" playtimeI'm probably going to get ripped by veterans due to my low" playtimeI'm probably going to get ripped by veterans due to my low" playtimeI'm probably going to get ripped by veterans due to my low" playtimeI'm probably going to get ripped by veterans due to my low" playtime

Basic Gameplay
You play as either a Counter-Terrorist or a Terrorist, both of which are deployed into a battlefield and each round are giving a small allowance to purchase weapons of their choice.
You can make extra money by winning rounds or you could also hold a knife up to the enemy demanding their money, Although that would be risky since the enemy would likely just to shoot you.

On the Terrorist team your goal is to plant and explosive near some uhhm.. important boxes?.
Anyway, once plant wait You patiently for it to explode.

As a Counter-terrorist you must eliminate all the Terrorist forces OR defuse the bomb, thus Protecting those ever important boxes from certain destruction.
Being a honourable opponent, Terrorists are sure to set the bomb timer just long enough to give the Ct's the chance to Slaughter the remaining T's, and defuse the bomb.

I'll list some positive/negative attributes of this game here.

Positive attributes :

- Matchmaking
- Teaches children the harsh reality of gambling (although some never seem to learn even after $500 later)
- Ranks
- Cool looking skins
- Fast growing population of players
- Fat stacks of loot dropped somewhat often
- Chickens
- High replay value
- Deathmatch game type (I could go into more detail on negative parts of it, but that would make this review too long and boring)

Negative attributes :

Although I Do love the single player campaign, it could use some work.
I REALLY wish it were longer..
And that final Boss fight is pretty lame. It only lasts around 27 seconds, and during that time the only way to lose is by taking offense from the old man that constantly insults you, and how his 7 year old could beat youBasic Gameplay
You play as either a Counter-Terrorist or a Terrorist, both of which are deployed into a battlefield and each round are giving a small allowance to purchase weapons of their choice.
You can make extra money by winning rounds or you could also hold a knife up to the enemy demanding their money, Although that would be risky since the enemy would likely just to shoot you.

On the Terrorist team your goal is to plant and explosive near some uhhm.. important boxes?.
Anyway, once plant wait You patiently for it to explode.

As a Counter-terrorist you must eliminate all the Terrorist forces OR defuse the bomb, thus Protecting those ever important boxes from certain destruction.
Being a honourable opponent, Terrorists are sure to set the bomb timer just long enough to give the Ct's the chance to Slaughter the remaining T's, and defuse the bomb.

I'll list some positive/negative attributes of this game here.

Positive attributes :

- Matchmaking
- Teaches children the harsh reality of gambling (although some never seem to learn even after $500 later)
- Ranks
- Cool looking skins
- Fast growing population of players
- Fat stacks of loot dropped somewhat often
- Chickens
- High replay value
- Deathmatch game type (I could go into more detail on negative parts of it, but that would make this review too long and boring)

Negative attributes :

Although I Do love the single player campaign, it could use some work.
I REALLY wish it were longer..
And that final Boss fight is pretty lame. It only lasts around 27 seconds, and during that time the only way to lose is by taking offense from the old man that constantly insults you, and how his 7 year old could beat youBasic Gameplay
You play as either a Counter-Terrorist or a Terrorist, both of which are deployed into a battlefield and each round are giving a small allowance to purchase weapons of their choice.
You can make extra money by winning rounds or you could also hold a knife up to the enemy demanding their money, Although that would be risky since the enemy would likely just to shoot you.

On the Terrorist team your goal is to plant and explosive near some uhhm.. important boxes?.
Anyway, once plant wait You patiently for it to explode.

As a Counter-terrorist you must eliminate all the Terrorist forces OR defuse the bomb, thus Protecting those ever important boxes from certain destruction.
Being a honourable opponent, Terrorists are sure to set the bomb timer just long enough to give the Ct's the chance to Slaughter the remaining T's, and defuse the bomb.

I'll list some positive/negative attributes of this game here.

Positive attributes :

- Matchmaking
- Teaches children the harsh reality of gambling (although some never seem to learn even after $500 later)
- Ranks
- Cool looking skins
- Fast growing population of players
- Fat stacks of loot dropped somewhat often
- Chickens
- High replay value
- Deathmatch game type (I could go into more detail on negative parts of it, but that would make this review too long and boring)

Negative attributes :

Although I Do love the single player campaign, it could use some work.
I REALLY wish it were longer..
And that final Boss fight is pretty lame. It only lasts around 27 seconds, and during that time the only way to lose is by taking offense from the old man that constantly insults you, and how his 7 year old could beat youBasic Gameplay
You play as either a Counter-Terrorist or a Terrorist, both of which are deployed into a battlefield and each round are giving a small allowance to purchase weapons of their choice.
You can make extra money by winning rounds or you could also hold a knife up to the enemy demanding their money, Although that would be risky since the enemy would likely just to shoot you.

On the Terrorist team your goal is to plant and explosive near some uhhm.. important boxes?.
Anyway, once plant wait You patiently for it to explode.

As a Counter-terrorist you must eliminate all the Terrorist forces OR defuse the bomb, thus Protecting those ever important boxes from certain destruction.
Being a honourable opponent, Terrorists are sure to set the bomb timer just long enough to give the Ct's the chance to Slaughter the remaining T's, and defuse the bomb.

I'll list some positive/negative attributes of this game here.

Positive attributes :

- Matchmaking
- Teaches children the harsh reality of gambling (although some never seem to learn even after $500 later)
- Ranks
- Cool looking skins
- Fast growing population of players
- Fat stacks of loot dropped somewhat often
- Chickens
- High replay value
- Deathmatch game type (I could go into more detail on negative parts of it, but that would make this review too long and boring)

Negative attributes :

Although I Do love the single player campaign, it could use some work.
I REALLY wish it were longer..
And that final Boss fight is pretty lame. It only lasts around 27 seconds, and during that time the only way to lose is by taking offense from the old man that constantly insults you, and how his 7 year old could beat youBasic Gameplay
You play as either a Counter-Terrorist or a Terrorist, both of which are deployed into a battlefield and each round are giving a small allowance to purchase weapons of their choice.
You can make extra money by winning rounds or you could also hold a knife up to the enemy demanding their money, Although that would be risky since the enemy would likely just to shoot you.

On the Terrorist team your goal is to plant and explosive near some uhhm.. important boxes?.
Anyway, once plant wait You patiently for it to explode.

As a Counter-terrorist you must eliminate all the Terrorist forces OR defuse the bomb, thus Protecting those ever important boxes from certain destruction.
Being a honourable opponent, Terrorists are sure to set the bomb timer just long enough to give the Ct's the chance to Slaughter the remaining T's, and defuse the bomb.

I'll list some positive/negative attributes of this game here.

Positive attributes :

- Matchmaking
- Teaches children the harsh reality of gambling (although some never seem to learn even after $500 later)
- Ranks
- Cool looking skins
- Fast growing population of players
- Fat stacks of loot dropped somewhat often
- Chickens
- High replay value
- Deathmatch game type (I could go into more detail on negative parts of it, but that would make this review too long and boring)

Negative attributes :

Although I Do love the single player campaign, it could use some work.
I REALLY wish it were longer..
And that final Boss fight is pretty lame. It only lasts around 27 seconds, and during that time the only way to lose is by taking offense from the old man that constantly insults you, and how his 7 year old could beat youBasic Gameplay
You play as either a Counter-Terrorist or a Terrorist, both of which are deployed into a battlefield and each round are giving a small allowance to purchase weapons of their choice.
You can make extra money by winning rounds or you could also hold a knife up to the enemy demanding their money, Although that would be risky since the enemy would likely just to shoot you.

On the Terrorist team your goal is to plant and explosive near some uhhm.. important boxes?.
Anyway, once plant wait You patiently for it to explode.

As a Counter-terrorist you must eliminate all the Terrorist forces OR defuse the bomb, thus Protecting those ever important boxes from certain destruction.
Being a honourable opponent, Terrorists are sure to set the bomb timer just long enough to give the Ct's the chance to Slaughter the remaining T's, and defuse the bomb.

I'll list some positive/negative attributes of this game here.

Positive attributes :

- Matchmaking
- Teaches children the harsh reality of gambling (although some never seem to learn even after $500 later)
- Ranks
- Cool looking skins
- Fast growing population of players
- Fat stacks of loot dropped somewhat often
- Chickens
- High replay value
- Deathmatch game type (I could go into more detail on negative parts of it, but that would make this review too long and boring)

Negative attributes :

Although I Do love the single player campaign, it could use some work.
I REALLY wish it were longer..
And that final Boss fight is pretty lame. It only lasts around 27 seconds, and during that time the only way to lose is by taking offense from the old man that constantly insults you, and how his 7 year old could beat youBasic Gameplay
You play as either a Counter-Terrorist or a Terrorist, both of which are deployed into a battlefield and each round are giving a small allowance to purchase weapons of their choice.
You can make extra money by winning rounds or you could also hold a knife up to the enemy demanding their money, Although that would be risky since the enemy would likely just to shoot you.

On the Terrorist team your goal is to plant and explosive near some uhhm.. important boxes?.
Anyway, once plant wait You patiently for it to explode.

As a Counter-terrorist you must eliminate all the Terrorist forces OR defuse the bomb, thus Protecting those ever important boxes from certain destruction.
Being a honourable opponent, Terrorists are sure to set the bomb timer just long enough to give the Ct's the chance to Slaughter the remaining T's, and defuse the bomb.

I'll list some positive/negative attributes of this game here.

Positive attributes :

- Matchmaking
- Teaches children the harsh reality of gambling (although some never seem to learn even after $500 later)
- Ranks
- Cool looking skins
- Fast growing population of players
- Fat stacks of loot dropped somewhat often
- Chickens
- High replay value
- Deathmatch game type (I could go into more detail on negative parts of it, but that would make this review too long and boring)

Negative attributes :

Although I Do love the single player campaign, it could use some work.
I REALLY wish it were longer..
And that final Boss fight is pretty lame. It only lasts around 27 seconds, and during that time the only way to lose is by taking offense from the old man that constantly insults you, and how his 7 year old could beat youBasic Gameplay
You play as either a Counter-Terrorist or a Terrorist, both of which are deployed into a battlefield and each round are giving a small allowance to purchase weapons of their choice.
You can make extra money by winning rounds or you could also hold a knife up to the enemy demanding their money, Although that would be risky since the enemy would likely just to shoot you.

On the Terrorist team your goal is to plant and explosive near some uhhm.. important boxes?.
Anyway, once plant wait You patiently for it to explode.

As a Counter-terrorist you must eliminate all the Terrorist forces OR defuse the bomb, thus Protecting those ever important boxes from certain destruction.
Being a honourable opponent, Terrorists are sure to set the bomb timer just long enough to give the Ct's the chance to Slaughter the remaining T's, and defuse the bomb.

I'll list some positive/negative attributes of this game here.

Positive attributes :

- Matchmaking
- Teaches children the harsh reality of gambling (although some never seem to learn even after $500 later)
- Ranks
- Cool looking skins
- Fast growing population of players
- Fat stacks of loot dropped somewhat often
- Chickens
- High replay value
- Deathmatch game type (I could go into more detail on negative parts of it, but that would make this review too long and boring)

Negative attributes :

Although I Do love the single player campaign, it could use some work.
I REALLY wish it were longer..
And that final Boss fight is pretty lame. It only lasts around 27 seconds, and during that time the only way to lose is by taking offense from the old man that constantly insults you, and how his 7 year old could beat you

What i love from this game is the fact that a single player, a weapon, a simple strategy can affect a whole round, it makes the game so unexpected and fun.

Plus it has funny physics.What i love from this game is the fact that a single player, a weapon, a simple strategy can affect a whole round, it makes the game so unexpected and fun.

Plus it has funny physics.What i love from this game is the fact that a single player, a weapon, a simple strategy can affect a whole round, it makes the game so unexpected and fun.

Plus it has funny physics.What i love from this game is the fact that a single player, a weapon, a simple strategy can affect a whole round, it makes the game so unexpected and fun.

Plus it has funny physics.What i love from this game is the fact that a single player, a weapon, a simple strategy can affect a whole round, it makes the game so unexpected and fun.

Plus it has funny physics.What i love from this game is the fact that a single player, a weapon, a simple strategy can affect a whole round, it makes the game so unexpected and fun.

Plus it has funny physics.What i love from this game is the fact that a single player, a weapon, a simple strategy can affect a whole round, it makes the game so unexpected and fun.

Plus it has funny physics.What i love from this game is the fact that a single player, a weapon, a simple strategy can affect a whole round, it makes the game so unexpected and fun.

Plus it has funny physics.

This game will destroy your social life, and take all your money. It also provides a rollercoster of emotions: Anger, Happiness, Frustration, Joy, Sadness, Pride and many more good and bad emotions. If you want to have a life and friends I would stay away from CS:GO but if you want to play the best fps you'll ever play definitely get it!

Best Game I've played! 69/69. Even has chickensThis game will destroy your social life, and take all your money. It also provides a rollercoster of emotions: Anger, Happiness, Frustration, Joy, Sadness, Pride and many more good and bad emotions. If you want to have a life and friends I would stay away from CS:GO but if you want to play the best fps you'll ever play definitely get it!

Best Game I've played! 69/69. Even has chickensThis game will destroy your social life, and take all your money. It also provides a rollercoster of emotions: Anger, Happiness, Frustration, Joy, Sadness, Pride and many more good and bad emotions. If you want to have a life and friends I would stay away from CS:GO but if you want to play the best fps you'll ever play definitely get it!

Best Game I've played! 69/69. Even has chickensThis game will destroy your social life, and take all your money. It also provides a rollercoster of emotions: Anger, Happiness, Frustration, Joy, Sadness, Pride and many more good and bad emotions. If you want to have a life and friends I would stay away from CS:GO but if you want to play the best fps you'll ever play definitely get it!

Best Game I've played! 69/69. Even has chickensThis game will destroy your social life, and take all your money. It also provides a rollercoster of emotions: Anger, Happiness, Frustration, Joy, Sadness, Pride and many more good and bad emotions. If you want to have a life and friends I would stay away from CS:GO but if you want to play the best fps you'll ever play definitely get it!

Best Game I've played! 69/69. Even has chickensThis game will destroy your social life, and take all your money. It also provides a rollercoster of emotions: Anger, Happiness, Frustration, Joy, Sadness, Pride and many more good and bad emotions. If you want to have a life and friends I would stay away from CS:GO but if you want to play the best fps you'll ever play definitely get it!

Best Game I've played! 69/69. Even has chickensThis game will destroy your social life, and take all your money. It also provides a rollercoster of emotions: Anger, Happiness, Frustration, Joy, Sadness, Pride and many more good and bad emotions. If you want to have a life and friends I would stay away from CS:GO but if you want to play the best fps you'll ever play definitely get it!

Best Game I've played! 69/69. Even has chickensThis game will destroy your social life, and take all your money. It also provides a rollercoster of emotions: Anger, Happiness, Frustration, Joy, Sadness, Pride and many more good and bad emotions. If you want to have a life and friends I would stay away from CS:GO but if you want to play the best fps you'll ever play definitely get it!

Best Game I've played! 69/69. Even has chickens

russians are the cancer of this planet.russians are the cancer of this planet.russians are the cancer of this planet.russians are the cancer of this planet.russians are the cancer of this planet.russians are the cancer of this planet.russians are the cancer of this planet.russians are the cancer of this planet.

> buy 2$ knife from ikea
> dip in bucket of red paint
> profit 400$

11/10> buy 2$ knife from ikea
> dip in bucket of red paint
> profit 400$

11/10> buy 2$ knife from ikea
> dip in bucket of red paint
> profit 400$

11/10> buy 2$ knife from ikea
> dip in bucket of red paint
> profit 400$

11/10> buy 2$ knife from ikea
> dip in bucket of red paint
> profit 400$

11/10> buy 2$ knife from ikea
> dip in bucket of red paint
> profit 400$

11/10> buy 2$ knife from ikea
> dip in bucket of red paint
> profit 400$

11/10> buy 2$ knife from ikea
> dip in bucket of red paint
> profit 400$

11/10

If you decide to buy this game here's 10 Tips:
1) Your ears are your eyes.
2) Echo/Eco means Don't buy anything.
3) Top left you have a radar. Learn to use it.
4) If you have the bomb, sit behind your team like a good dog.
5) P90 was crafted by God (Gaben) so it's users are not hackers.
6) AVP = AWP
7) The guns have rubber barrels so when you hold the trigger for more than 3 shots, the bullets will go all over the screen.
8) The game's secret name is Counter-Strike: Dust 2.
9) Competitive is the main game mode, but there are other modes for your little kids too!
10) If you easily get brain cancer just from losing one match, STAY AWAY FROM COMPETITIVE! you psycho!

Good luck! (   )If you decide to buy this game here's 10 Tips:
1) Your ears are your eyes.
2) Echo/Eco means Don't buy anything.
3) Top left you have a radar. Learn to use it.
4) If you have the bomb, sit behind your team like a good dog.
5) P90 was crafted by God (Gaben) so it's users are not hackers.
6) AVP = AWP
7) The guns have rubber barrels so when you hold the trigger for more than 3 shots, the bullets will go all over the screen.
8) The game's secret name is Counter-Strike: Dust 2.
9) Competitive is the main game mode, but there are other modes for your little kids too!
10) If you easily get brain cancer just from losing one match, STAY AWAY FROM COMPETITIVE! you psycho!

Good luck! (   )If you decide to buy this game here's 10 Tips:
1) Your ears are your eyes.
2) Echo/Eco means Don't buy anything.
3) Top left you have a radar. Learn to use it.
4) If you have the bomb, sit behind your team like a good dog.
5) P90 was crafted by God (Gaben) so it's users are not hackers.
6) AVP = AWP
7) The guns have rubber barrels so when you hold the trigger for more than 3 shots, the bullets will go all over the screen.
8) The game's secret name is Counter-Strike: Dust 2.
9) Competitive is the main game mode, but there are other modes for your little kids too!
10) If you easily get brain cancer just from losing one match, STAY AWAY FROM COMPETITIVE! you psycho!

Good luck! (   )If you decide to buy this game here's 10 Tips:
1) Your ears are your eyes.
2) Echo/Eco means Don't buy anything.
3) Top left you have a radar. Learn to use it.
4) If you have the bomb, sit behind your team like a good dog.
5) P90 was crafted by God (Gaben) so it's users are not hackers.
6) AVP = AWP
7) The guns have rubber barrels so when you hold the trigger for more than 3 shots, the bullets will go all over the screen.
8) The game's secret name is Counter-Strike: Dust 2.
9) Competitive is the main game mode, but there are other modes for your little kids too!
10) If you easily get brain cancer just from losing one match, STAY AWAY FROM COMPETITIVE! you psycho!

Good luck! (   )If you decide to buy this game here's 10 Tips:
1) Your ears are your eyes.
2) Echo/Eco means Don't buy anything.
3) Top left you have a radar. Learn to use it.
4) If you have the bomb, sit behind your team like a good dog.
5) P90 was crafted by God (Gaben) so it's users are not hackers.
6) AVP = AWP
7) The guns have rubber barrels so when you hold the trigger for more than 3 shots, the bullets will go all over the screen.
8) The game's secret name is Counter-Strike: Dust 2.
9) Competitive is the main game mode, but there are other modes for your little kids too!
10) If you easily get brain cancer just from losing one match, STAY AWAY FROM COMPETITIVE! you psycho!

Good luck! (   )If you decide to buy this game here's 10 Tips:
1) Your ears are your eyes.
2) Echo/Eco means Don't buy anything.
3) Top left you have a radar. Learn to use it.
4) If you have the bomb, sit behind your team like a good dog.
5) P90 was crafted by God (Gaben) so it's users are not hackers.
6) AVP = AWP
7) The guns have rubber barrels so when you hold the trigger for more than 3 shots, the bullets will go all over the screen.
8) The game's secret name is Counter-Strike: Dust 2.
9) Competitive is the main game mode, but there are other modes for your little kids too!
10) If you easily get brain cancer just from losing one match, STAY AWAY FROM COMPETITIVE! you psycho!

Good luck! (   )If you decide to buy this game here's 10 Tips:
1) Your ears are your eyes.
2) Echo/Eco means Don't buy anything.
3) Top left you have a radar. Learn to use it.
4) If you have the bomb, sit behind your team like a good dog.
5) P90 was crafted by God (Gaben) so it's users are not hackers.
6) AVP = AWP
7) The guns have rubber barrels so when you hold the trigger for more than 3 shots, the bullets will go all over the screen.
8) The game's secret name is Counter-Strike: Dust 2.
9) Competitive is the main game mode, but there are other modes for your little kids too!
10) If you easily get brain cancer just from losing one match, STAY AWAY FROM COMPETITIVE! you psycho!

Good luck! (   )If you decide to buy this game here's 10 Tips:
1) Your ears are your eyes.
2) Echo/Eco means Don't buy anything.
3) Top left you have a radar. Learn to use it.
4) If you have the bomb, sit behind your team like a good dog.
5) P90 was crafted by God (Gaben) so it's users are not hackers.
6) AVP = AWP
7) The guns have rubber barrels so when you hold the trigger for more than 3 shots, the bullets will go all over the screen.
8) The game's secret name is Counter-Strike: Dust 2.
9) Competitive is the main game mode, but there are other modes for your little kids too!
10) If you easily get brain cancer just from losing one match, STAY AWAY FROM COMPETITIVE! you psycho!

Good luck! (   )

CSome people are just ... there's no denyin' it
But if you cheat in games you're just a ... lying prick
There's an authority and you are undermining it
The majority is decent but you're a crying ... If you just cheat cause you Wanna have fun too
And you don't have the time to go through the grind too"
Then you're just lazy with your selfish little world view
All the other people in this game have had to learn too
But youCSome people are just ... there's no denyin' it
But if you cheat in games you're just a ... lying prick
There's an authority and you are undermining it
The majority is decent but you're a crying ... If you just cheat cause you Wanna have fun too
And you don't have the time to go through the grind too"
Then you're just lazy with your selfish little world view
All the other people in this game have had to learn too
But youCSome people are just ... there's no denyin' it
But if you cheat in games you're just a ... lying prick
There's an authority and you are undermining it
The majority is decent but you're a crying ... If you just cheat cause you Wanna have fun too
And you don't have the time to go through the grind too"
Then you're just lazy with your selfish little world view
All the other people in this game have had to learn too
But youCSome people are just ... there's no denyin' it
But if you cheat in games you're just a ... lying prick
There's an authority and you are undermining it
The majority is decent but you're a crying ... If you just cheat cause you Wanna have fun too
And you don't have the time to go through the grind too"
Then you're just lazy with your selfish little world view
All the other people in this game have had to learn too
But youCSome people are just ... there's no denyin' it
But if you cheat in games you're just a ... lying prick
There's an authority and you are undermining it
The majority is decent but you're a crying ... If you just cheat cause you Wanna have fun too
And you don't have the time to go through the grind too"
Then you're just lazy with your selfish little world view
All the other people in this game have had to learn too
But youCSome people are just ... there's no denyin' it
But if you cheat in games you're just a ... lying prick
There's an authority and you are undermining it
The majority is decent but you're a crying ... If you just cheat cause you Wanna have fun too
And you don't have the time to go through the grind too"
Then you're just lazy with your selfish little world view
All the other people in this game have had to learn too
But youCSome people are just ... there's no denyin' it
But if you cheat in games you're just a ... lying prick
There's an authority and you are undermining it
The majority is decent but you're a crying ... If you just cheat cause you Wanna have fun too
And you don't have the time to go through the grind too"
Then you're just lazy with your selfish little world view
All the other people in this game have had to learn too
But youCSome people are just ... there's no denyin' it
But if you cheat in games you're just a ... lying prick
There's an authority and you are undermining it
The majority is decent but you're a crying ... If you just cheat cause you Wanna have fun too
And you don't have the time to go through the grind too"
Then you're just lazy with your selfish little world view
All the other people in this game have had to learn too
But you

Recieved a 7- day ban while taking a . 10/10 would buy countless timesRecieved a 7- day ban while taking a . 10/10 would buy countless timesRecieved a 7- day ban while taking a . 10/10 would buy countless timesRecieved a 7- day ban while taking a . 10/10 would buy countless timesRecieved a 7- day ban while taking a . 10/10 would buy countless timesRecieved a 7- day ban while taking a . 10/10 would buy countless timesRecieved a 7- day ban while taking a . 10/10 would buy countless timesRecieved a 7- day ban while taking a . 10/10 would buy countless times

hackers are taking over,  so dont buy it.hackers are taking over,  so dont buy it.hackers are taking over,  so dont buy it.hackers are taking over,  so dont buy it.hackers are taking over,  so dont buy it.hackers are taking over,  so dont buy it.hackers are taking over,  so dont buy it.hackers are taking over,  so dont buy it.

yay sale*











*pls noyay sale*











*pls noyay sale*











*pls noyay sale*











*pls noyay sale*











*pls noyay sale*











*pls noyay sale*











*pls noyay sale*











*pls no

After playing for nearly 2000 hours, you'd expect I'd be pretty good at this game, but I'm actually bloody awful. A good percentage of the community is too toxic for you to even enjoy playing - and if you get toxic teammates then you've almost definitely lost the game and will probably derank to be surrounded by people who are even more toxic and even less competent.

So why recommend it? It's the best of a worst situation type thing, you see, every game the industry has dropped on us recently has been a down right disappointment so instead of dealing with those games just buy skins. Skins are literally the only reason to play this game :^)

Sometimes the game is fun but that's usually because some ruskis are shouting at eachother instead of shouting at you and you just sit there like hue  blyat idi nahui silly ruskis :))""After playing for nearly 2000 hours, you'd expect I'd be pretty good at this game, but I'm actually bloody awful. A good percentage of the community is too toxic for you to even enjoy playing - and if you get toxic teammates then you've almost definitely lost the game and will probably derank to be surrounded by people who are even more toxic and even less competent.

So why recommend it? It's the best of a worst situation type thing, you see, every game the industry has dropped on us recently has been a down right disappointment so instead of dealing with those games just buy skins. Skins are literally the only reason to play this game :^)

Sometimes the game is fun but that's usually because some ruskis are shouting at eachother instead of shouting at you and you just sit there like hue  blyat idi nahui silly ruskis :))""After playing for nearly 2000 hours, you'd expect I'd be pretty good at this game, but I'm actually bloody awful. A good percentage of the community is too toxic for you to even enjoy playing - and if you get toxic teammates then you've almost definitely lost the game and will probably derank to be surrounded by people who are even more toxic and even less competent.

So why recommend it? It's the best of a worst situation type thing, you see, every game the industry has dropped on us recently has been a down right disappointment so instead of dealing with those games just buy skins. Skins are literally the only reason to play this game :^)

Sometimes the game is fun but that's usually because some ruskis are shouting at eachother instead of shouting at you and you just sit there like hue  blyat idi nahui silly ruskis :))""After playing for nearly 2000 hours, you'd expect I'd be pretty good at this game, but I'm actually bloody awful. A good percentage of the community is too toxic for you to even enjoy playing - and if you get toxic teammates then you've almost definitely lost the game and will probably derank to be surrounded by people who are even more toxic and even less competent.

So why recommend it? It's the best of a worst situation type thing, you see, every game the industry has dropped on us recently has been a down right disappointment so instead of dealing with those games just buy skins. Skins are literally the only reason to play this game :^)

Sometimes the game is fun but that's usually because some ruskis are shouting at eachother instead of shouting at you and you just sit there like hue  blyat idi nahui silly ruskis :))""After playing for nearly 2000 hours, you'd expect I'd be pretty good at this game, but I'm actually bloody awful. A good percentage of the community is too toxic for you to even enjoy playing - and if you get toxic teammates then you've almost definitely lost the game and will probably derank to be surrounded by people who are even more toxic and even less competent.

So why recommend it? It's the best of a worst situation type thing, you see, every game the industry has dropped on us recently has been a down right disappointment so instead of dealing with those games just buy skins. Skins are literally the only reason to play this game :^)

Sometimes the game is fun but that's usually because some ruskis are shouting at eachother instead of shouting at you and you just sit there like hue  blyat idi nahui silly ruskis :))""After playing for nearly 2000 hours, you'd expect I'd be pretty good at this game, but I'm actually bloody awful. A good percentage of the community is too toxic for you to even enjoy playing - and if you get toxic teammates then you've almost definitely lost the game and will probably derank to be surrounded by people who are even more toxic and even less competent.

So why recommend it? It's the best of a worst situation type thing, you see, every game the industry has dropped on us recently has been a down right disappointment so instead of dealing with those games just buy skins. Skins are literally the only reason to play this game :^)

Sometimes the game is fun but that's usually because some ruskis are shouting at eachother instead of shouting at you and you just sit there like hue  blyat idi nahui silly ruskis :))""After playing for nearly 2000 hours, you'd expect I'd be pretty good at this game, but I'm actually bloody awful. A good percentage of the community is too toxic for you to even enjoy playing - and if you get toxic teammates then you've almost definitely lost the game and will probably derank to be surrounded by people who are even more toxic and even less competent.

So why recommend it? It's the best of a worst situation type thing, you see, every game the industry has dropped on us recently has been a down right disappointment so instead of dealing with those games just buy skins. Skins are literally the only reason to play this game :^)

Sometimes the game is fun but that's usually because some ruskis are shouting at eachother instead of shouting at you and you just sit there like hue  blyat idi nahui silly ruskis :))""After playing for nearly 2000 hours, you'd expect I'd be pretty good at this game, but I'm actually bloody awful. A good percentage of the community is too toxic for you to even enjoy playing - and if you get toxic teammates then you've almost definitely lost the game and will probably derank to be surrounded by people who are even more toxic and even less competent.

So why recommend it? It's the best of a worst situation type thing, you see, every game the industry has dropped on us recently has been a down right disappointment so instead of dealing with those games just buy skins. Skins are literally the only reason to play this game :^)

Sometimes the game is fun but that's usually because some ruskis are shouting at eachother instead of shouting at you and you just sit there like hue  blyat idi nahui silly ruskis :))""

Now I got wise
I see the devil in Gabe's eyes.
Oh yes in his
He fooled me with his cases
He cheated and he schemed
Spent money knows how he lied to me
He's not the way he seemed

He looks like a Gaben
Walks like a Gaben
Talks like a Gaben
But I got wise
All his random and luck - lies!
Oh yes it's lies
I thought that I was ingame
But I was sure surprised
Gaben help me, I didn't see
The game for this price.

Obviously I didn't take this game seriously but after some months played,
I couldn't find another game to play.
Curiously I crapped this game but now I know it's the game that should be paid,
You will be close to this anyway.

Gameplay                               9.2
Graphics                                 8
Sound & Music                       8.6
Setting                                    7.2
Capabilities                             9.3

My not professional score is: 9.Now I got wise
I see the devil in Gabe's eyes.
Oh yes in his
He fooled me with his cases
He cheated and he schemed
Spent money knows how he lied to me
He's not the way he seemed

He looks like a Gaben
Walks like a Gaben
Talks like a Gaben
But I got wise
All his random and luck - lies!
Oh yes it's lies
I thought that I was ingame
But I was sure surprised
Gaben help me, I didn't see
The game for this price.

Obviously I didn't take this game seriously but after some months played,
I couldn't find another game to play.
Curiously I crapped this game but now I know it's the game that should be paid,
You will be close to this anyway.

Gameplay                               9.2
Graphics                                 8
Sound & Music                       8.6
Setting                                    7.2
Capabilities                             9.3

My not professional score is: 9.Now I got wise
I see the devil in Gabe's eyes.
Oh yes in his
He fooled me with his cases
He cheated and he schemed
Spent money knows how he lied to me
He's not the way he seemed

He looks like a Gaben
Walks like a Gaben
Talks like a Gaben
But I got wise
All his random and luck - lies!
Oh yes it's lies
I thought that I was ingame
But I was sure surprised
Gaben help me, I didn't see
The game for this price.

Obviously I didn't take this game seriously but after some months played,
I couldn't find another game to play.
Curiously I crapped this game but now I know it's the game that should be paid,
You will be close to this anyway.

Gameplay                               9.2
Graphics                                 8
Sound & Music                       8.6
Setting                                    7.2
Capabilities                             9.3

My not professional score is: 9.Now I got wise
I see the devil in Gabe's eyes.
Oh yes in his
He fooled me with his cases
He cheated and he schemed
Spent money knows how he lied to me
He's not the way he seemed

He looks like a Gaben
Walks like a Gaben
Talks like a Gaben
But I got wise
All his random and luck - lies!
Oh yes it's lies
I thought that I was ingame
But I was sure surprised
Gaben help me, I didn't see
The game for this price.

Obviously I didn't take this game seriously but after some months played,
I couldn't find another game to play.
Curiously I crapped this game but now I know it's the game that should be paid,
You will be close to this anyway.

Gameplay                               9.2
Graphics                                 8
Sound & Music                       8.6
Setting                                    7.2
Capabilities                             9.3

My not professional score is: 9.Now I got wise
I see the devil in Gabe's eyes.
Oh yes in his
He fooled me with his cases
He cheated and he schemed
Spent money knows how he lied to me
He's not the way he seemed

He looks like a Gaben
Walks like a Gaben
Talks like a Gaben
But I got wise
All his random and luck - lies!
Oh yes it's lies
I thought that I was ingame
But I was sure surprised
Gaben help me, I didn't see
The game for this price.

Obviously I didn't take this game seriously but after some months played,
I couldn't find another game to play.
Curiously I crapped this game but now I know it's the game that should be paid,
You will be close to this anyway.

Gameplay                               9.2
Graphics                                 8
Sound & Music                       8.6
Setting                                    7.2
Capabilities                             9.3

My not professional score is: 9.Now I got wise
I see the devil in Gabe's eyes.
Oh yes in his
He fooled me with his cases
He cheated and he schemed
Spent money knows how he lied to me
He's not the way he seemed

He looks like a Gaben
Walks like a Gaben
Talks like a Gaben
But I got wise
All his random and luck - lies!
Oh yes it's lies
I thought that I was ingame
But I was sure surprised
Gaben help me, I didn't see
The game for this price.

Obviously I didn't take this game seriously but after some months played,
I couldn't find another game to play.
Curiously I crapped this game but now I know it's the game that should be paid,
You will be close to this anyway.

Gameplay                               9.2
Graphics                                 8
Sound & Music                       8.6
Setting                                    7.2
Capabilities                             9.3

My not professional score is: 9.Now I got wise
I see the devil in Gabe's eyes.
Oh yes in his
He fooled me with his cases
He cheated and he schemed
Spent money knows how he lied to me
He's not the way he seemed

He looks like a Gaben
Walks like a Gaben
Talks like a Gaben
But I got wise
All his random and luck - lies!
Oh yes it's lies
I thought that I was ingame
But I was sure surprised
Gaben help me, I didn't see
The game for this price.

Obviously I didn't take this game seriously but after some months played,
I couldn't find another game to play.
Curiously I crapped this game but now I know it's the game that should be paid,
You will be close to this anyway.

Gameplay                               9.2
Graphics                                 8
Sound & Music                       8.6
Setting                                    7.2
Capabilities                             9.3

My not professional score is: 9.Now I got wise
I see the devil in Gabe's eyes.
Oh yes in his
He fooled me with his cases
He cheated and he schemed
Spent money knows how he lied to me
He's not the way he seemed

He looks like a Gaben
Walks like a Gaben
Talks like a Gaben
But I got wise
All his random and luck - lies!
Oh yes it's lies
I thought that I was ingame
But I was sure surprised
Gaben help me, I didn't see
The game for this price.

Obviously I didn't take this game seriously but after some months played,
I couldn't find another game to play.
Curiously I crapped this game but now I know it's the game that should be paid,
You will be close to this anyway.

Gameplay                               9.2
Graphics                                 8
Sound & Music                       8.6
Setting                                    7.2
Capabilities                             9.3

My not professional score is: 9.

The love/hate relationship I have with this game is intense.The love/hate relationship I have with this game is intense.The love/hate relationship I have with this game is intense.The love/hate relationship I have with this game is intense.The love/hate relationship I have with this game is intense.The love/hate relationship I have with this game is intense.The love/hate relationship I have with this game is intense.The love/hate relationship I have with this game is intense.

I shot some guy like 2 time and he die, pre cool game 6/10I shot some guy like 2 time and he die, pre cool game 6/10I shot some guy like 2 time and he die, pre cool game 6/10I shot some guy like 2 time and he die, pre cool game 6/10I shot some guy like 2 time and he die, pre cool game 6/10I shot some guy like 2 time and he die, pre cool game 6/10I shot some guy like 2 time and he die, pre cool game 6/10I shot some guy like 2 time and he die, pre cool game 6/10

I know this is like my first review.. Cool game! Amazing gameplay and graphic! How bout ranks? preety good now.. but, the ? After m4, now WTF R8? I love CS:GO, you can see from my profile, 1k hrs played why? It's more realistic thenother shity fps games, and now we see.. a pistol tadaa..... how the ? it's more powerful then awp, it's like smg but it's a pistol. Really valve? U give us a pistol with 1 hit and an op aim and amazing..a rgh nvm... AND IT COST $850... Okay okay, we need nerf.. Thanks

#GGWPR(EKT)8I know this is like my first review.. Cool game! Amazing gameplay and graphic! How bout ranks? preety good now.. but, the ? After m4, now WTF R8? I love CS:GO, you can see from my profile, 1k hrs played why? It's more realistic thenother shity fps games, and now we see.. a pistol tadaa..... how the ? it's more powerful then awp, it's like smg but it's a pistol. Really valve? U give us a pistol with 1 hit and an op aim and amazing..a rgh nvm... AND IT COST $850... Okay okay, we need nerf.. Thanks

#GGWPR(EKT)8I know this is like my first review.. Cool game! Amazing gameplay and graphic! How bout ranks? preety good now.. but, the ? After m4, now WTF R8? I love CS:GO, you can see from my profile, 1k hrs played why? It's more realistic thenother shity fps games, and now we see.. a pistol tadaa..... how the ? it's more powerful then awp, it's like smg but it's a pistol. Really valve? U give us a pistol with 1 hit and an op aim and amazing..a rgh nvm... AND IT COST $850... Okay okay, we need nerf.. Thanks

#GGWPR(EKT)8I know this is like my first review.. Cool game! Amazing gameplay and graphic! How bout ranks? preety good now.. but, the ? After m4, now WTF R8? I love CS:GO, you can see from my profile, 1k hrs played why? It's more realistic thenother shity fps games, and now we see.. a pistol tadaa..... how the ? it's more powerful then awp, it's like smg but it's a pistol. Really valve? U give us a pistol with 1 hit and an op aim and amazing..a rgh nvm... AND IT COST $850... Okay okay, we need nerf.. Thanks

#GGWPR(EKT)8I know this is like my first review.. Cool game! Amazing gameplay and graphic! How bout ranks? preety good now.. but, the ? After m4, now WTF R8? I love CS:GO, you can see from my profile, 1k hrs played why? It's more realistic thenother shity fps games, and now we see.. a pistol tadaa..... how the ? it's more powerful then awp, it's like smg but it's a pistol. Really valve? U give us a pistol with 1 hit and an op aim and amazing..a rgh nvm... AND IT COST $850... Okay okay, we need nerf.. Thanks

#GGWPR(EKT)8I know this is like my first review.. Cool game! Amazing gameplay and graphic! How bout ranks? preety good now.. but, the ? After m4, now WTF R8? I love CS:GO, you can see from my profile, 1k hrs played why? It's more realistic thenother shity fps games, and now we see.. a pistol tadaa..... how the ? it's more powerful then awp, it's like smg but it's a pistol. Really valve? U give us a pistol with 1 hit and an op aim and amazing..a rgh nvm... AND IT COST $850... Okay okay, we need nerf.. Thanks

#GGWPR(EKT)8I know this is like my first review.. Cool game! Amazing gameplay and graphic! How bout ranks? preety good now.. but, the ? After m4, now WTF R8? I love CS:GO, you can see from my profile, 1k hrs played why? It's more realistic thenother shity fps games, and now we see.. a pistol tadaa..... how the ? it's more powerful then awp, it's like smg but it's a pistol. Really valve? U give us a pistol with 1 hit and an op aim and amazing..a rgh nvm... AND IT COST $850... Okay okay, we need nerf.. Thanks

#GGWPR(EKT)8I know this is like my first review.. Cool game! Amazing gameplay and graphic! How bout ranks? preety good now.. but, the ? After m4, now WTF R8? I love CS:GO, you can see from my profile, 1k hrs played why? It's more realistic thenother shity fps games, and now we see.. a pistol tadaa..... how the ? it's more powerful then awp, it's like smg but it's a pistol. Really valve? U give us a pistol with 1 hit and an op aim and amazing..a rgh nvm... AND IT COST $850... Okay okay, we need nerf.. Thanks

#GGWPR(EKT)8

I don't really play this game a lot, but it is a pretty interesting game. I will play bot games sometimes just to kill time. If I need to vent my anger, I'd definitely recommend this game^_^! I have watched a couple of CS:GO tournaments. They were pretty amazing and those players are really stunning! I believe CS:GO will continue to grow and definitely the prize pool will keep increasing.

10/10I don't really play this game a lot, but it is a pretty interesting game. I will play bot games sometimes just to kill time. If I need to vent my anger, I'd definitely recommend this game^_^! I have watched a couple of CS:GO tournaments. They were pretty amazing and those players are really stunning! I believe CS:GO will continue to grow and definitely the prize pool will keep increasing.

10/10I don't really play this game a lot, but it is a pretty interesting game. I will play bot games sometimes just to kill time. If I need to vent my anger, I'd definitely recommend this game^_^! I have watched a couple of CS:GO tournaments. They were pretty amazing and those players are really stunning! I believe CS:GO will continue to grow and definitely the prize pool will keep increasing.

10/10I don't really play this game a lot, but it is a pretty interesting game. I will play bot games sometimes just to kill time. If I need to vent my anger, I'd definitely recommend this game^_^! I have watched a couple of CS:GO tournaments. They were pretty amazing and those players are really stunning! I believe CS:GO will continue to grow and definitely the prize pool will keep increasing.

10/10I don't really play this game a lot, but it is a pretty interesting game. I will play bot games sometimes just to kill time. If I need to vent my anger, I'd definitely recommend this game^_^! I have watched a couple of CS:GO tournaments. They were pretty amazing and those players are really stunning! I believe CS:GO will continue to grow and definitely the prize pool will keep increasing.

10/10I don't really play this game a lot, but it is a pretty interesting game. I will play bot games sometimes just to kill time. If I need to vent my anger, I'd definitely recommend this game^_^! I have watched a couple of CS:GO tournaments. They were pretty amazing and those players are really stunning! I believe CS:GO will continue to grow and definitely the prize pool will keep increasing.

10/10I don't really play this game a lot, but it is a pretty interesting game. I will play bot games sometimes just to kill time. If I need to vent my anger, I'd definitely recommend this game^_^! I have watched a couple of CS:GO tournaments. They were pretty amazing and those players are really stunning! I believe CS:GO will continue to grow and definitely the prize pool will keep increasing.

10/10I don't really play this game a lot, but it is a pretty interesting game. I will play bot games sometimes just to kill time. If I need to vent my anger, I'd definitely recommend this game^_^! I have watched a couple of CS:GO tournaments. They were pretty amazing and those players are really stunning! I believe CS:GO will continue to grow and definitely the prize pool will keep increasing.

10/10

Maybe in the beginning this game was worthy. But a division of the community is running rampant with unfair play.
Hacking and griefing.
Every game you get paired against 1 or multiple cheaters. Last match, a bunch of weebs advertising their hack and dominating.
6/25 Lost - Matched against 5 people spaming advertising their cheat. Everything listed below, almost no registered shots.
6/25 Lost - Matched with a griefer, spawn blocking inferno T.
6/24 Win - Closet Hacker on my team (still not banned)
6/24 Lost - Closet Hacker (still not banned)
All of June. I haven't had a legitimate match without some Super RAD skript kiddies" killing any amount of fun whatsoever. Multiple of them even reasoned "$3 accountsMaybe in the beginning this game was worthy. But a division of the community is running rampant with unfair play.
Hacking and griefing.
Every game you get paired against 1 or multiple cheaters. Last match, a bunch of weebs advertising their hack and dominating.
6/25 Lost - Matched against 5 people spaming advertising their cheat. Everything listed below, almost no registered shots.
6/25 Lost - Matched with a griefer, spawn blocking inferno T.
6/24 Win - Closet Hacker on my team (still not banned)
6/24 Lost - Closet Hacker (still not banned)
All of June. I haven't had a legitimate match without some Super RAD skript kiddies" killing any amount of fun whatsoever. Multiple of them even reasoned "$3 accountsMaybe in the beginning this game was worthy. But a division of the community is running rampant with unfair play.
Hacking and griefing.
Every game you get paired against 1 or multiple cheaters. Last match, a bunch of weebs advertising their hack and dominating.
6/25 Lost - Matched against 5 people spaming advertising their cheat. Everything listed below, almost no registered shots.
6/25 Lost - Matched with a griefer, spawn blocking inferno T.
6/24 Win - Closet Hacker on my team (still not banned)
6/24 Lost - Closet Hacker (still not banned)
All of June. I haven't had a legitimate match without some Super RAD skript kiddies" killing any amount of fun whatsoever. Multiple of them even reasoned "$3 accountsMaybe in the beginning this game was worthy. But a division of the community is running rampant with unfair play.
Hacking and griefing.
Every game you get paired against 1 or multiple cheaters. Last match, a bunch of weebs advertising their hack and dominating.
6/25 Lost - Matched against 5 people spaming advertising their cheat. Everything listed below, almost no registered shots.
6/25 Lost - Matched with a griefer, spawn blocking inferno T.
6/24 Win - Closet Hacker on my team (still not banned)
6/24 Lost - Closet Hacker (still not banned)
All of June. I haven't had a legitimate match without some Super RAD skript kiddies" killing any amount of fun whatsoever. Multiple of them even reasoned "$3 accountsMaybe in the beginning this game was worthy. But a division of the community is running rampant with unfair play.
Hacking and griefing.
Every game you get paired against 1 or multiple cheaters. Last match, a bunch of weebs advertising their hack and dominating.
6/25 Lost - Matched against 5 people spaming advertising their cheat. Everything listed below, almost no registered shots.
6/25 Lost - Matched with a griefer, spawn blocking inferno T.
6/24 Win - Closet Hacker on my team (still not banned)
6/24 Lost - Closet Hacker (still not banned)
All of June. I haven't had a legitimate match without some Super RAD skript kiddies" killing any amount of fun whatsoever. Multiple of them even reasoned "$3 accountsMaybe in the beginning this game was worthy. But a division of the community is running rampant with unfair play.
Hacking and griefing.
Every game you get paired against 1 or multiple cheaters. Last match, a bunch of weebs advertising their hack and dominating.
6/25 Lost - Matched against 5 people spaming advertising their cheat. Everything listed below, almost no registered shots.
6/25 Lost - Matched with a griefer, spawn blocking inferno T.
6/24 Win - Closet Hacker on my team (still not banned)
6/24 Lost - Closet Hacker (still not banned)
All of June. I haven't had a legitimate match without some Super RAD skript kiddies" killing any amount of fun whatsoever. Multiple of them even reasoned "$3 accountsMaybe in the beginning this game was worthy. But a division of the community is running rampant with unfair play.
Hacking and griefing.
Every game you get paired against 1 or multiple cheaters. Last match, a bunch of weebs advertising their hack and dominating.
6/25 Lost - Matched against 5 people spaming advertising their cheat. Everything listed below, almost no registered shots.
6/25 Lost - Matched with a griefer, spawn blocking inferno T.
6/24 Win - Closet Hacker on my team (still not banned)
6/24 Lost - Closet Hacker (still not banned)
All of June. I haven't had a legitimate match without some Super RAD skript kiddies" killing any amount of fun whatsoever. Multiple of them even reasoned "$3 accountsMaybe in the beginning this game was worthy. But a division of the community is running rampant with unfair play.
Hacking and griefing.
Every game you get paired against 1 or multiple cheaters. Last match, a bunch of weebs advertising their hack and dominating.
6/25 Lost - Matched against 5 people spaming advertising their cheat. Everything listed below, almost no registered shots.
6/25 Lost - Matched with a griefer, spawn blocking inferno T.
6/24 Win - Closet Hacker on my team (still not banned)
6/24 Lost - Closet Hacker (still not banned)
All of June. I haven't had a legitimate match without some Super RAD skript kiddies" killing any amount of fun whatsoever. Multiple of them even reasoned "$3 accounts

A game whole family can enjoy. You learn nice new languages, new words, you learn to love your teammates for communicating with you. All the players are nice to you and there's no salty players or anything. Especially I enjoy russian people, they are lovable.

5/5 Great family-friendly game, would play againA game whole family can enjoy. You learn nice new languages, new words, you learn to love your teammates for communicating with you. All the players are nice to you and there's no salty players or anything. Especially I enjoy russian people, they are lovable.

5/5 Great family-friendly game, would play againA game whole family can enjoy. You learn nice new languages, new words, you learn to love your teammates for communicating with you. All the players are nice to you and there's no salty players or anything. Especially I enjoy russian people, they are lovable.

5/5 Great family-friendly game, would play againA game whole family can enjoy. You learn nice new languages, new words, you learn to love your teammates for communicating with you. All the players are nice to you and there's no salty players or anything. Especially I enjoy russian people, they are lovable.

5/5 Great family-friendly game, would play againA game whole family can enjoy. You learn nice new languages, new words, you learn to love your teammates for communicating with you. All the players are nice to you and there's no salty players or anything. Especially I enjoy russian people, they are lovable.

5/5 Great family-friendly game, would play againA game whole family can enjoy. You learn nice new languages, new words, you learn to love your teammates for communicating with you. All the players are nice to you and there's no salty players or anything. Especially I enjoy russian people, they are lovable.

5/5 Great family-friendly game, would play againA game whole family can enjoy. You learn nice new languages, new words, you learn to love your teammates for communicating with you. All the players are nice to you and there's no salty players or anything. Especially I enjoy russian people, they are lovable.

5/5 Great family-friendly game, would play againA game whole family can enjoy. You learn nice new languages, new words, you learn to love your teammates for communicating with you. All the players are nice to you and there's no salty players or anything. Especially I enjoy russian people, they are lovable.

5/5 Great family-friendly game, would play again

It was good untill todayIt was good untill todayIt was good untill todayIt was good untill todayIt was good untill todayIt was good untill todayIt was good untill todayIt was good untill today

Ever wanted to headshot someone from across the map with nothing but an unloaded pistol, your butterknife and this grapefruit? Don't have enough salt to meet your daily nutritional standards? Have a rampant superiority complex? Speak Russian? Hate fun? Just finished playing Logue of Legions? Play this game!

Teamwork sold seperately, sportsmanship not included, consult your doctor before and after purchasing this product.

UPDATE: Alright didn't think I'd get people actually looking at this review so here's the lowdown on some opinions instead of just silly memes.

This is a full version of my ramble here [pastebin.com]

Tl;dr I dont like competitive because it takes the fun out of games. I dont like how literally every gun can headshot from any range. I dont like the high entry level the game has before you can git gud. I dont make friends with people who play CSGO because different personalities.

Raw Fun > ESPORTS POTENTIAL
[/minority opinon]Ever wanted to headshot someone from across the map with nothing but an unloaded pistol, your butterknife and this grapefruit? Don't have enough salt to meet your daily nutritional standards? Have a rampant superiority complex? Speak Russian? Hate fun? Just finished playing Logue of Legions? Play this game!

Teamwork sold seperately, sportsmanship not included, consult your doctor before and after purchasing this product.

UPDATE: Alright didn't think I'd get people actually looking at this review so here's the lowdown on some opinions instead of just silly memes.

This is a full version of my ramble here [pastebin.com]

Tl;dr I dont like competitive because it takes the fun out of games. I dont like how literally every gun can headshot from any range. I dont like the high entry level the game has before you can git gud. I dont make friends with people who play CSGO because different personalities.

Raw Fun > ESPORTS POTENTIAL
[/minority opinon]Ever wanted to headshot someone from across the map with nothing but an unloaded pistol, your butterknife and this grapefruit? Don't have enough salt to meet your daily nutritional standards? Have a rampant superiority complex? Speak Russian? Hate fun? Just finished playing Logue of Legions? Play this game!

Teamwork sold seperately, sportsmanship not included, consult your doctor before and after purchasing this product.

UPDATE: Alright didn't think I'd get people actually looking at this review so here's the lowdown on some opinions instead of just silly memes.

This is a full version of my ramble here [pastebin.com]

Tl;dr I dont like competitive because it takes the fun out of games. I dont like how literally every gun can headshot from any range. I dont like the high entry level the game has before you can git gud. I dont make friends with people who play CSGO because different personalities.

Raw Fun > ESPORTS POTENTIAL
[/minority opinon]Ever wanted to headshot someone from across the map with nothing but an unloaded pistol, your butterknife and this grapefruit? Don't have enough salt to meet your daily nutritional standards? Have a rampant superiority complex? Speak Russian? Hate fun? Just finished playing Logue of Legions? Play this game!

Teamwork sold seperately, sportsmanship not included, consult your doctor before and after purchasing this product.

UPDATE: Alright didn't think I'd get people actually looking at this review so here's the lowdown on some opinions instead of just silly memes.

This is a full version of my ramble here [pastebin.com]

Tl;dr I dont like competitive because it takes the fun out of games. I dont like how literally every gun can headshot from any range. I dont like the high entry level the game has before you can git gud. I dont make friends with people who play CSGO because different personalities.

Raw Fun > ESPORTS POTENTIAL
[/minority opinon]Ever wanted to headshot someone from across the map with nothing but an unloaded pistol, your butterknife and this grapefruit? Don't have enough salt to meet your daily nutritional standards? Have a rampant superiority complex? Speak Russian? Hate fun? Just finished playing Logue of Legions? Play this game!

Teamwork sold seperately, sportsmanship not included, consult your doctor before and after purchasing this product.

UPDATE: Alright didn't think I'd get people actually looking at this review so here's the lowdown on some opinions instead of just silly memes.

This is a full version of my ramble here [pastebin.com]

Tl;dr I dont like competitive because it takes the fun out of games. I dont like how literally every gun can headshot from any range. I dont like the high entry level the game has before you can git gud. I dont make friends with people who play CSGO because different personalities.

Raw Fun > ESPORTS POTENTIAL
[/minority opinon]Ever wanted to headshot someone from across the map with nothing but an unloaded pistol, your butterknife and this grapefruit? Don't have enough salt to meet your daily nutritional standards? Have a rampant superiority complex? Speak Russian? Hate fun? Just finished playing Logue of Legions? Play this game!

Teamwork sold seperately, sportsmanship not included, consult your doctor before and after purchasing this product.

UPDATE: Alright didn't think I'd get people actually looking at this review so here's the lowdown on some opinions instead of just silly memes.

This is a full version of my ramble here [pastebin.com]

Tl;dr I dont like competitive because it takes the fun out of games. I dont like how literally every gun can headshot from any range. I dont like the high entry level the game has before you can git gud. I dont make friends with people who play CSGO because different personalities.

Raw Fun > ESPORTS POTENTIAL
[/minority opinon]Ever wanted to headshot someone from across the map with nothing but an unloaded pistol, your butterknife and this grapefruit? Don't have enough salt to meet your daily nutritional standards? Have a rampant superiority complex? Speak Russian? Hate fun? Just finished playing Logue of Legions? Play this game!

Teamwork sold seperately, sportsmanship not included, consult your doctor before and after purchasing this product.

UPDATE: Alright didn't think I'd get people actually looking at this review so here's the lowdown on some opinions instead of just silly memes.

This is a full version of my ramble here [pastebin.com]

Tl;dr I dont like competitive because it takes the fun out of games. I dont like how literally every gun can headshot from any range. I dont like the high entry level the game has before you can git gud. I dont make friends with people who play CSGO because different personalities.

Raw Fun > ESPORTS POTENTIAL
[/minority opinon]Ever wanted to headshot someone from across the map with nothing but an unloaded pistol, your butterknife and this grapefruit? Don't have enough salt to meet your daily nutritional standards? Have a rampant superiority complex? Speak Russian? Hate fun? Just finished playing Logue of Legions? Play this game!

Teamwork sold seperately, sportsmanship not included, consult your doctor before and after purchasing this product.

UPDATE: Alright didn't think I'd get people actually looking at this review so here's the lowdown on some opinions instead of just silly memes.

This is a full version of my ramble here [pastebin.com]

Tl;dr I dont like competitive because it takes the fun out of games. I dont like how literally every gun can headshot from any range. I dont like the high entry level the game has before you can git gud. I dont make friends with people who play CSGO because different personalities.

Raw Fun > ESPORTS POTENTIAL
[/minority opinon]

Really fantastic and balanced game!

And think about the competetive aspects you could compete:

- Queing up vs fullpremade teams as solo!
-Getting kicked out of a ladder game just for fun for having a disconnect, even if you have 10:0 stats.
-If you arent familiar with russian greetings you should inform yourself before joining a game, else you would be
confused about  BLIAT VODKA VODKA, YOUR MOTHER IS A *BIEEEEP*!
- Do you like arabians?? Better be friendly to them, because teamkilling is what they stand for.
- Matchmaking is starting 4vs5 games, enjoy your bot!
- People get random Matchmaking bans, because they can`t reconnect due to bugs!
-You have to decide what player you are, you have 2 options. You can be the noob or the hacker.

As Noob you basically have worse than 1,0 kd. As Hacker you are above 1,0kd, pretty simple, isnt it.

-Oh and if you meet people who are Global Elite after 20 hours playtime, dont be afraid. Its okay. The boy/girl is
just playing on one of his 37 smurf accounts.


I can really recommend this game if you live in russia and your IQ is below 70! Or you love the sound of ongoing 13 yo german gangster-rapper screaming in your ears, this game could be for you.


If you arent sure yet if you should buy this, just check out some hacks in youtube which are available for cs:go. Its awesome. You see flying people who shoot with homing bullets through 10 walls while screaming in voicechat, YOU ARE ALL NOOBS, BUHAHAHAHAHAH.

And honestly, who would want to miss something like that :) ?

If the current bugs are taken serious by valve the game might leave beta stage in like 3-4 years.

Buy it right now!Really fantastic and balanced game!

And think about the competetive aspects you could compete:

- Queing up vs fullpremade teams as solo!
-Getting kicked out of a ladder game just for fun for having a disconnect, even if you have 10:0 stats.
-If you arent familiar with russian greetings you should inform yourself before joining a game, else you would be
confused about  BLIAT VODKA VODKA, YOUR MOTHER IS A *BIEEEEP*!
- Do you like arabians?? Better be friendly to them, because teamkilling is what they stand for.
- Matchmaking is starting 4vs5 games, enjoy your bot!
- People get random Matchmaking bans, because they can`t reconnect due to bugs!
-You have to decide what player you are, you have 2 options. You can be the noob or the hacker.

As Noob you basically have worse than 1,0 kd. As Hacker you are above 1,0kd, pretty simple, isnt it.

-Oh and if you meet people who are Global Elite after 20 hours playtime, dont be afraid. Its okay. The boy/girl is
just playing on one of his 37 smurf accounts.


I can really recommend this game if you live in russia and your IQ is below 70! Or you love the sound of ongoing 13 yo german gangster-rapper screaming in your ears, this game could be for you.


If you arent sure yet if you should buy this, just check out some hacks in youtube which are available for cs:go. Its awesome. You see flying people who shoot with homing bullets through 10 walls while screaming in voicechat, YOU ARE ALL NOOBS, BUHAHAHAHAHAH.

And honestly, who would want to miss something like that :) ?

If the current bugs are taken serious by valve the game might leave beta stage in like 3-4 years.

Buy it right now!Really fantastic and balanced game!

And think about the competetive aspects you could compete:

- Queing up vs fullpremade teams as solo!
-Getting kicked out of a ladder game just for fun for having a disconnect, even if you have 10:0 stats.
-If you arent familiar with russian greetings you should inform yourself before joining a game, else you would be
confused about  BLIAT VODKA VODKA, YOUR MOTHER IS A *BIEEEEP*!
- Do you like arabians?? Better be friendly to them, because teamkilling is what they stand for.
- Matchmaking is starting 4vs5 games, enjoy your bot!
- People get random Matchmaking bans, because they can`t reconnect due to bugs!
-You have to decide what player you are, you have 2 options. You can be the noob or the hacker.

As Noob you basically have worse than 1,0 kd. As Hacker you are above 1,0kd, pretty simple, isnt it.

-Oh and if you meet people who are Global Elite after 20 hours playtime, dont be afraid. Its okay. The boy/girl is
just playing on one of his 37 smurf accounts.


I can really recommend this game if you live in russia and your IQ is below 70! Or you love the sound of ongoing 13 yo german gangster-rapper screaming in your ears, this game could be for you.


If you arent sure yet if you should buy this, just check out some hacks in youtube which are available for cs:go. Its awesome. You see flying people who shoot with homing bullets through 10 walls while screaming in voicechat, YOU ARE ALL NOOBS, BUHAHAHAHAHAH.

And honestly, who would want to miss something like that :) ?

If the current bugs are taken serious by valve the game might leave beta stage in like 3-4 years.

Buy it right now!Really fantastic and balanced game!

And think about the competetive aspects you could compete:

- Queing up vs fullpremade teams as solo!
-Getting kicked out of a ladder game just for fun for having a disconnect, even if you have 10:0 stats.
-If you arent familiar with russian greetings you should inform yourself before joining a game, else you would be
confused about  BLIAT VODKA VODKA, YOUR MOTHER IS A *BIEEEEP*!
- Do you like arabians?? Better be friendly to them, because teamkilling is what they stand for.
- Matchmaking is starting 4vs5 games, enjoy your bot!
- People get random Matchmaking bans, because they can`t reconnect due to bugs!
-You have to decide what player you are, you have 2 options. You can be the noob or the hacker.

As Noob you basically have worse than 1,0 kd. As Hacker you are above 1,0kd, pretty simple, isnt it.

-Oh and if you meet people who are Global Elite after 20 hours playtime, dont be afraid. Its okay. The boy/girl is
just playing on one of his 37 smurf accounts.


I can really recommend this game if you live in russia and your IQ is below 70! Or you love the sound of ongoing 13 yo german gangster-rapper screaming in your ears, this game could be for you.


If you arent sure yet if you should buy this, just check out some hacks in youtube which are available for cs:go. Its awesome. You see flying people who shoot with homing bullets through 10 walls while screaming in voicechat, YOU ARE ALL NOOBS, BUHAHAHAHAHAH.

And honestly, who would want to miss something like that :) ?

If the current bugs are taken serious by valve the game might leave beta stage in like 3-4 years.

Buy it right now!Really fantastic and balanced game!

And think about the competetive aspects you could compete:

- Queing up vs fullpremade teams as solo!
-Getting kicked out of a ladder game just for fun for having a disconnect, even if you have 10:0 stats.
-If you arent familiar with russian greetings you should inform yourself before joining a game, else you would be
confused about  BLIAT VODKA VODKA, YOUR MOTHER IS A *BIEEEEP*!
- Do you like arabians?? Better be friendly to them, because teamkilling is what they stand for.
- Matchmaking is starting 4vs5 games, enjoy your bot!
- People get random Matchmaking bans, because they can`t reconnect due to bugs!
-You have to decide what player you are, you have 2 options. You can be the noob or the hacker.

As Noob you basically have worse than 1,0 kd. As Hacker you are above 1,0kd, pretty simple, isnt it.

-Oh and if you meet people who are Global Elite after 20 hours playtime, dont be afraid. Its okay. The boy/girl is
just playing on one of his 37 smurf accounts.


I can really recommend this game if you live in russia and your IQ is below 70! Or you love the sound of ongoing 13 yo german gangster-rapper screaming in your ears, this game could be for you.


If you arent sure yet if you should buy this, just check out some hacks in youtube which are available for cs:go. Its awesome. You see flying people who shoot with homing bullets through 10 walls while screaming in voicechat, YOU ARE ALL NOOBS, BUHAHAHAHAHAH.

And honestly, who would want to miss something like that :) ?

If the current bugs are taken serious by valve the game might leave beta stage in like 3-4 years.

Buy it right now!Really fantastic and balanced game!

And think about the competetive aspects you could compete:

- Queing up vs fullpremade teams as solo!
-Getting kicked out of a ladder game just for fun for having a disconnect, even if you have 10:0 stats.
-If you arent familiar with russian greetings you should inform yourself before joining a game, else you would be
confused about  BLIAT VODKA VODKA, YOUR MOTHER IS A *BIEEEEP*!
- Do you like arabians?? Better be friendly to them, because teamkilling is what they stand for.
- Matchmaking is starting 4vs5 games, enjoy your bot!
- People get random Matchmaking bans, because they can`t reconnect due to bugs!
-You have to decide what player you are, you have 2 options. You can be the noob or the hacker.

As Noob you basically have worse than 1,0 kd. As Hacker you are above 1,0kd, pretty simple, isnt it.

-Oh and if you meet people who are Global Elite after 20 hours playtime, dont be afraid. Its okay. The boy/girl is
just playing on one of his 37 smurf accounts.


I can really recommend this game if you live in russia and your IQ is below 70! Or you love the sound of ongoing 13 yo german gangster-rapper screaming in your ears, this game could be for you.


If you arent sure yet if you should buy this, just check out some hacks in youtube which are available for cs:go. Its awesome. You see flying people who shoot with homing bullets through 10 walls while screaming in voicechat, YOU ARE ALL NOOBS, BUHAHAHAHAHAH.

And honestly, who would want to miss something like that :) ?

If the current bugs are taken serious by valve the game might leave beta stage in like 3-4 years.

Buy it right now!Really fantastic and balanced game!

And think about the competetive aspects you could compete:

- Queing up vs fullpremade teams as solo!
-Getting kicked out of a ladder game just for fun for having a disconnect, even if you have 10:0 stats.
-If you arent familiar with russian greetings you should inform yourself before joining a game, else you would be
confused about  BLIAT VODKA VODKA, YOUR MOTHER IS A *BIEEEEP*!
- Do you like arabians?? Better be friendly to them, because teamkilling is what they stand for.
- Matchmaking is starting 4vs5 games, enjoy your bot!
- People get random Matchmaking bans, because they can`t reconnect due to bugs!
-You have to decide what player you are, you have 2 options. You can be the noob or the hacker.

As Noob you basically have worse than 1,0 kd. As Hacker you are above 1,0kd, pretty simple, isnt it.

-Oh and if you meet people who are Global Elite after 20 hours playtime, dont be afraid. Its okay. The boy/girl is
just playing on one of his 37 smurf accounts.


I can really recommend this game if you live in russia and your IQ is below 70! Or you love the sound of ongoing 13 yo german gangster-rapper screaming in your ears, this game could be for you.


If you arent sure yet if you should buy this, just check out some hacks in youtube which are available for cs:go. Its awesome. You see flying people who shoot with homing bullets through 10 walls while screaming in voicechat, YOU ARE ALL NOOBS, BUHAHAHAHAHAH.

And honestly, who would want to miss something like that :) ?

If the current bugs are taken serious by valve the game might leave beta stage in like 3-4 years.

Buy it right now!Really fantastic and balanced game!

And think about the competetive aspects you could compete:

- Queing up vs fullpremade teams as solo!
-Getting kicked out of a ladder game just for fun for having a disconnect, even if you have 10:0 stats.
-If you arent familiar with russian greetings you should inform yourself before joining a game, else you would be
confused about  BLIAT VODKA VODKA, YOUR MOTHER IS A *BIEEEEP*!
- Do you like arabians?? Better be friendly to them, because teamkilling is what they stand for.
- Matchmaking is starting 4vs5 games, enjoy your bot!
- People get random Matchmaking bans, because they can`t reconnect due to bugs!
-You have to decide what player you are, you have 2 options. You can be the noob or the hacker.

As Noob you basically have worse than 1,0 kd. As Hacker you are above 1,0kd, pretty simple, isnt it.

-Oh and if you meet people who are Global Elite after 20 hours playtime, dont be afraid. Its okay. The boy/girl is
just playing on one of his 37 smurf accounts.


I can really recommend this game if you live in russia and your IQ is below 70! Or you love the sound of ongoing 13 yo german gangster-rapper screaming in your ears, this game could be for you.


If you arent sure yet if you should buy this, just check out some hacks in youtube which are available for cs:go. Its awesome. You see flying people who shoot with homing bullets through 10 walls while screaming in voicechat, YOU ARE ALL NOOBS, BUHAHAHAHAHAH.

And honestly, who would want to miss something like that :) ?

If the current bugs are taken serious by valve the game might leave beta stage in like 3-4 years.

Buy it right now!

goodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgood

R8 CANCER R8 CANCER R8 CANCER R8 CANCER R8 CANCER R8 CANCER R8 CANCER R8 CANCER 

Chicken models are fantastic.

10/10Chicken models are fantastic.

10/10Chicken models are fantastic.

10/10Chicken models are fantastic.

10/10Chicken models are fantastic.

10/10Chicken models are fantastic.

10/10Chicken models are fantastic.

10/10Chicken models are fantastic.

10/10

herd u were talkin 

/   )
  
`/`/  
( ( /|
|  
_
(  
/`
/_ |
/herd u were talkin 

/   )
  
`/`/  
( ( /|
|  
_
(  
/`
/_ |
/herd u were talkin 

/   )
  
`/`/  
( ( /|
|  
_
(  
/`
/_ |
/herd u were talkin 

/   )
  
`/`/  
( ( /|
|  
_
(  
/`
/_ |
/herd u were talkin 

/   )
  
`/`/  
( ( /|
|  
_
(  
/`
/_ |
/herd u were talkin 

/   )
  
`/`/  
( ( /|
|  
_
(  
/`
/_ |
/herd u were talkin 

/   )
  
`/`/  
( ( /|
|  
_
(  
/`
/_ |
/herd u were talkin 

/   )
  
`/`/  
( ( /|
|  
_
(  
/`
/_ |
/

Level is just a numbers, Rank is just for display, but Skill proves everything.Level is just a numbers, Rank is just for display, but Skill proves everything.Level is just a numbers, Rank is just for display, but Skill proves everything.Level is just a numbers, Rank is just for display, but Skill proves everything.Level is just a numbers, Rank is just for display, but Skill proves everything.Level is just a numbers, Rank is just for display, but Skill proves everything.Level is just a numbers, Rank is just for display, but Skill proves everything.Level is just a numbers, Rank is just for display, but Skill proves everything.

If your looking for a game where you are shot before you walk around the corner, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where sneaking is about as much worth as bouncing your head off your keyboard this is your game.

If your looking to pay 13.99 for a monthly subscription to an aimbot and wallhack that VAC can't detect and don't give a crap about, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where colourful decals on your gun is more important than actually playing it, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where the report a cheater" is as much use as shoving a knife in your eye this is your game.

If your looking to play a game for 150 hours before realizing that its all t and uninstalling the game this is your game.

Maybe you will find a legitimate game amongst all the madness but at least 75% of the time you will have at least 1 hacker on the opposite side mocking youIf your looking for a game where you are shot before you walk around the corner, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where sneaking is about as much worth as bouncing your head off your keyboard this is your game.

If your looking to pay 13.99 for a monthly subscription to an aimbot and wallhack that VAC can't detect and don't give a crap about, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where colourful decals on your gun is more important than actually playing it, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where the report a cheater" is as much use as shoving a knife in your eye this is your game.

If your looking to play a game for 150 hours before realizing that its all t and uninstalling the game this is your game.

Maybe you will find a legitimate game amongst all the madness but at least 75% of the time you will have at least 1 hacker on the opposite side mocking youIf your looking for a game where you are shot before you walk around the corner, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where sneaking is about as much worth as bouncing your head off your keyboard this is your game.

If your looking to pay 13.99 for a monthly subscription to an aimbot and wallhack that VAC can't detect and don't give a crap about, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where colourful decals on your gun is more important than actually playing it, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where the report a cheater" is as much use as shoving a knife in your eye this is your game.

If your looking to play a game for 150 hours before realizing that its all t and uninstalling the game this is your game.

Maybe you will find a legitimate game amongst all the madness but at least 75% of the time you will have at least 1 hacker on the opposite side mocking youIf your looking for a game where you are shot before you walk around the corner, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where sneaking is about as much worth as bouncing your head off your keyboard this is your game.

If your looking to pay 13.99 for a monthly subscription to an aimbot and wallhack that VAC can't detect and don't give a crap about, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where colourful decals on your gun is more important than actually playing it, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where the report a cheater" is as much use as shoving a knife in your eye this is your game.

If your looking to play a game for 150 hours before realizing that its all t and uninstalling the game this is your game.

Maybe you will find a legitimate game amongst all the madness but at least 75% of the time you will have at least 1 hacker on the opposite side mocking youIf your looking for a game where you are shot before you walk around the corner, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where sneaking is about as much worth as bouncing your head off your keyboard this is your game.

If your looking to pay 13.99 for a monthly subscription to an aimbot and wallhack that VAC can't detect and don't give a crap about, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where colourful decals on your gun is more important than actually playing it, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where the report a cheater" is as much use as shoving a knife in your eye this is your game.

If your looking to play a game for 150 hours before realizing that its all t and uninstalling the game this is your game.

Maybe you will find a legitimate game amongst all the madness but at least 75% of the time you will have at least 1 hacker on the opposite side mocking youIf your looking for a game where you are shot before you walk around the corner, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where sneaking is about as much worth as bouncing your head off your keyboard this is your game.

If your looking to pay 13.99 for a monthly subscription to an aimbot and wallhack that VAC can't detect and don't give a crap about, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where colourful decals on your gun is more important than actually playing it, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where the report a cheater" is as much use as shoving a knife in your eye this is your game.

If your looking to play a game for 150 hours before realizing that its all t and uninstalling the game this is your game.

Maybe you will find a legitimate game amongst all the madness but at least 75% of the time you will have at least 1 hacker on the opposite side mocking youIf your looking for a game where you are shot before you walk around the corner, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where sneaking is about as much worth as bouncing your head off your keyboard this is your game.

If your looking to pay 13.99 for a monthly subscription to an aimbot and wallhack that VAC can't detect and don't give a crap about, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where colourful decals on your gun is more important than actually playing it, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where the report a cheater" is as much use as shoving a knife in your eye this is your game.

If your looking to play a game for 150 hours before realizing that its all t and uninstalling the game this is your game.

Maybe you will find a legitimate game amongst all the madness but at least 75% of the time you will have at least 1 hacker on the opposite side mocking youIf your looking for a game where you are shot before you walk around the corner, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where sneaking is about as much worth as bouncing your head off your keyboard this is your game.

If your looking to pay 13.99 for a monthly subscription to an aimbot and wallhack that VAC can't detect and don't give a crap about, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where colourful decals on your gun is more important than actually playing it, this is your game.

If your looking for a game where the report a cheater" is as much use as shoving a knife in your eye this is your game.

If your looking to play a game for 150 hours before realizing that its all t and uninstalling the game this is your game.

Maybe you will find a legitimate game amongst all the madness but at least 75% of the time you will have at least 1 hacker on the opposite side mocking you

there is no game out there that I got as much into as I got with cs:go. All started with me watching competative matches on warowl's channel. and I saw these elite players with their godlike skills and fancy new skins (the arms deal update came around). and I was like damn, I want to play like them. so I bought the game. I wasn't sucking bad because I'm a visual learner and learned most of the basics by watching the pros play. but I wanted more. I learned the spray patterns, shot a wall to learn the recoil over and over again and soon it came to the point where I surpassed all other players in casual matches with ease. the spray patterns where in my muscle memory, my reflexes with the awp improved, my nades landed where I wanted them to land and the addiction swallowed me whole. I'm going to break 1000 hours this week, I have a 300 euro inventory, a clan that get's better and better by day, a youtube channel and the best thing: endless fun. You can play gun games, awp servers, minigames, jails, hide and seeks, deathruns, aim servers, knife servers, surfs, deathmatches, demolition games and many more not considering casual and matchmaking games. And if you think you will get bored of the maps you're wrong. The maps don't create the gameplay experience, it's the players + every half a year there comes out a new operation with additional new community created maps and community created weapon skins. it costs 5 euros, but if your friend has the operation you can join his game anytime without being blocked by the game or forced to charge. CS:GO is a game that will 100 % occupy you if you're eager and competative or even if you just love community based games with a sht ton of human interactions through VoIPthere is no game out there that I got as much into as I got with cs:go. All started with me watching competative matches on warowl's channel. and I saw these elite players with their godlike skills and fancy new skins (the arms deal update came around). and I was like damn, I want to play like them. so I bought the game. I wasn't sucking bad because I'm a visual learner and learned most of the basics by watching the pros play. but I wanted more. I learned the spray patterns, shot a wall to learn the recoil over and over again and soon it came to the point where I surpassed all other players in casual matches with ease. the spray patterns where in my muscle memory, my reflexes with the awp improved, my nades landed where I wanted them to land and the addiction swallowed me whole. I'm going to break 1000 hours this week, I have a 300 euro inventory, a clan that get's better and better by day, a youtube channel and the best thing: endless fun. You can play gun games, awp servers, minigames, jails, hide and seeks, deathruns, aim servers, knife servers, surfs, deathmatches, demolition games and many more not considering casual and matchmaking games. And if you think you will get bored of the maps you're wrong. The maps don't create the gameplay experience, it's the players + every half a year there comes out a new operation with additional new community created maps and community created weapon skins. it costs 5 euros, but if your friend has the operation you can join his game anytime without being blocked by the game or forced to charge. CS:GO is a game that will 100 % occupy you if you're eager and competative or even if you just love community based games with a sht ton of human interactions through VoIPthere is no game out there that I got as much into as I got with cs:go. All started with me watching competative matches on warowl's channel. and I saw these elite players with their godlike skills and fancy new skins (the arms deal update came around). and I was like damn, I want to play like them. so I bought the game. I wasn't sucking bad because I'm a visual learner and learned most of the basics by watching the pros play. but I wanted more. I learned the spray patterns, shot a wall to learn the recoil over and over again and soon it came to the point where I surpassed all other players in casual matches with ease. the spray patterns where in my muscle memory, my reflexes with the awp improved, my nades landed where I wanted them to land and the addiction swallowed me whole. I'm going to break 1000 hours this week, I have a 300 euro inventory, a clan that get's better and better by day, a youtube channel and the best thing: endless fun. You can play gun games, awp servers, minigames, jails, hide and seeks, deathruns, aim servers, knife servers, surfs, deathmatches, demolition games and many more not considering casual and matchmaking games. And if you think you will get bored of the maps you're wrong. The maps don't create the gameplay experience, it's the players + every half a year there comes out a new operation with additional new community created maps and community created weapon skins. it costs 5 euros, but if your friend has the operation you can join his game anytime without being blocked by the game or forced to charge. CS:GO is a game that will 100 % occupy you if you're eager and competative or even if you just love community based games with a sht ton of human interactions through VoIPthere is no game out there that I got as much into as I got with cs:go. All started with me watching competative matches on warowl's channel. and I saw these elite players with their godlike skills and fancy new skins (the arms deal update came around). and I was like damn, I want to play like them. so I bought the game. I wasn't sucking bad because I'm a visual learner and learned most of the basics by watching the pros play. but I wanted more. I learned the spray patterns, shot a wall to learn the recoil over and over again and soon it came to the point where I surpassed all other players in casual matches with ease. the spray patterns where in my muscle memory, my reflexes with the awp improved, my nades landed where I wanted them to land and the addiction swallowed me whole. I'm going to break 1000 hours this week, I have a 300 euro inventory, a clan that get's better and better by day, a youtube channel and the best thing: endless fun. You can play gun games, awp servers, minigames, jails, hide and seeks, deathruns, aim servers, knife servers, surfs, deathmatches, demolition games and many more not considering casual and matchmaking games. And if you think you will get bored of the maps you're wrong. The maps don't create the gameplay experience, it's the players + every half a year there comes out a new operation with additional new community created maps and community created weapon skins. it costs 5 euros, but if your friend has the operation you can join his game anytime without being blocked by the game or forced to charge. CS:GO is a game that will 100 % occupy you if you're eager and competative or even if you just love community based games with a sht ton of human interactions through VoIPthere is no game out there that I got as much into as I got with cs:go. All started with me watching competative matches on warowl's channel. and I saw these elite players with their godlike skills and fancy new skins (the arms deal update came around). and I was like damn, I want to play like them. so I bought the game. I wasn't sucking bad because I'm a visual learner and learned most of the basics by watching the pros play. but I wanted more. I learned the spray patterns, shot a wall to learn the recoil over and over again and soon it came to the point where I surpassed all other players in casual matches with ease. the spray patterns where in my muscle memory, my reflexes with the awp improved, my nades landed where I wanted them to land and the addiction swallowed me whole. I'm going to break 1000 hours this week, I have a 300 euro inventory, a clan that get's better and better by day, a youtube channel and the best thing: endless fun. You can play gun games, awp servers, minigames, jails, hide and seeks, deathruns, aim servers, knife servers, surfs, deathmatches, demolition games and many more not considering casual and matchmaking games. And if you think you will get bored of the maps you're wrong. The maps don't create the gameplay experience, it's the players + every half a year there comes out a new operation with additional new community created maps and community created weapon skins. it costs 5 euros, but if your friend has the operation you can join his game anytime without being blocked by the game or forced to charge. CS:GO is a game that will 100 % occupy you if you're eager and competative or even if you just love community based games with a sht ton of human interactions through VoIPthere is no game out there that I got as much into as I got with cs:go. All started with me watching competative matches on warowl's channel. and I saw these elite players with their godlike skills and fancy new skins (the arms deal update came around). and I was like damn, I want to play like them. so I bought the game. I wasn't sucking bad because I'm a visual learner and learned most of the basics by watching the pros play. but I wanted more. I learned the spray patterns, shot a wall to learn the recoil over and over again and soon it came to the point where I surpassed all other players in casual matches with ease. the spray patterns where in my muscle memory, my reflexes with the awp improved, my nades landed where I wanted them to land and the addiction swallowed me whole. I'm going to break 1000 hours this week, I have a 300 euro inventory, a clan that get's better and better by day, a youtube channel and the best thing: endless fun. You can play gun games, awp servers, minigames, jails, hide and seeks, deathruns, aim servers, knife servers, surfs, deathmatches, demolition games and many more not considering casual and matchmaking games. And if you think you will get bored of the maps you're wrong. The maps don't create the gameplay experience, it's the players + every half a year there comes out a new operation with additional new community created maps and community created weapon skins. it costs 5 euros, but if your friend has the operation you can join his game anytime without being blocked by the game or forced to charge. CS:GO is a game that will 100 % occupy you if you're eager and competative or even if you just love community based games with a sht ton of human interactions through VoIPthere is no game out there that I got as much into as I got with cs:go. All started with me watching competative matches on warowl's channel. and I saw these elite players with their godlike skills and fancy new skins (the arms deal update came around). and I was like damn, I want to play like them. so I bought the game. I wasn't sucking bad because I'm a visual learner and learned most of the basics by watching the pros play. but I wanted more. I learned the spray patterns, shot a wall to learn the recoil over and over again and soon it came to the point where I surpassed all other players in casual matches with ease. the spray patterns where in my muscle memory, my reflexes with the awp improved, my nades landed where I wanted them to land and the addiction swallowed me whole. I'm going to break 1000 hours this week, I have a 300 euro inventory, a clan that get's better and better by day, a youtube channel and the best thing: endless fun. You can play gun games, awp servers, minigames, jails, hide and seeks, deathruns, aim servers, knife servers, surfs, deathmatches, demolition games and many more not considering casual and matchmaking games. And if you think you will get bored of the maps you're wrong. The maps don't create the gameplay experience, it's the players + every half a year there comes out a new operation with additional new community created maps and community created weapon skins. it costs 5 euros, but if your friend has the operation you can join his game anytime without being blocked by the game or forced to charge. CS:GO is a game that will 100 % occupy you if you're eager and competative or even if you just love community based games with a sht ton of human interactions through VoIPthere is no game out there that I got as much into as I got with cs:go. All started with me watching competative matches on warowl's channel. and I saw these elite players with their godlike skills and fancy new skins (the arms deal update came around). and I was like damn, I want to play like them. so I bought the game. I wasn't sucking bad because I'm a visual learner and learned most of the basics by watching the pros play. but I wanted more. I learned the spray patterns, shot a wall to learn the recoil over and over again and soon it came to the point where I surpassed all other players in casual matches with ease. the spray patterns where in my muscle memory, my reflexes with the awp improved, my nades landed where I wanted them to land and the addiction swallowed me whole. I'm going to break 1000 hours this week, I have a 300 euro inventory, a clan that get's better and better by day, a youtube channel and the best thing: endless fun. You can play gun games, awp servers, minigames, jails, hide and seeks, deathruns, aim servers, knife servers, surfs, deathmatches, demolition games and many more not considering casual and matchmaking games. And if you think you will get bored of the maps you're wrong. The maps don't create the gameplay experience, it's the players + every half a year there comes out a new operation with additional new community created maps and community created weapon skins. it costs 5 euros, but if your friend has the operation you can join his game anytime without being blocked by the game or forced to charge. CS:GO is a game that will 100 % occupy you if you're eager and competative or even if you just love community based games with a sht ton of human interactions through VoIP

Engine still broken after idk how long. Stopped playing when the buggy as hell CSS was released try to get back into it but the registry and .netcode in this version of the game is still so awful that it's nearly unplayable. The community consists of die-hard try-hards" and people who haven't the slightest clue as to what they are doing. Ranks are useless and baseless as it falls under a W/L ratioEngine still broken after idk how long. Stopped playing when the buggy as hell CSS was released try to get back into it but the registry and .netcode in this version of the game is still so awful that it's nearly unplayable. The community consists of die-hard try-hards" and people who haven't the slightest clue as to what they are doing. Ranks are useless and baseless as it falls under a W/L ratioEngine still broken after idk how long. Stopped playing when the buggy as hell CSS was released try to get back into it but the registry and .netcode in this version of the game is still so awful that it's nearly unplayable. The community consists of die-hard try-hards" and people who haven't the slightest clue as to what they are doing. Ranks are useless and baseless as it falls under a W/L ratioEngine still broken after idk how long. Stopped playing when the buggy as hell CSS was released try to get back into it but the registry and .netcode in this version of the game is still so awful that it's nearly unplayable. The community consists of die-hard try-hards" and people who haven't the slightest clue as to what they are doing. Ranks are useless and baseless as it falls under a W/L ratioEngine still broken after idk how long. Stopped playing when the buggy as hell CSS was released try to get back into it but the registry and .netcode in this version of the game is still so awful that it's nearly unplayable. The community consists of die-hard try-hards" and people who haven't the slightest clue as to what they are doing. Ranks are useless and baseless as it falls under a W/L ratioEngine still broken after idk how long. Stopped playing when the buggy as hell CSS was released try to get back into it but the registry and .netcode in this version of the game is still so awful that it's nearly unplayable. The community consists of die-hard try-hards" and people who haven't the slightest clue as to what they are doing. Ranks are useless and baseless as it falls under a W/L ratioEngine still broken after idk how long. Stopped playing when the buggy as hell CSS was released try to get back into it but the registry and .netcode in this version of the game is still so awful that it's nearly unplayable. The community consists of die-hard try-hards" and people who haven't the slightest clue as to what they are doing. Ranks are useless and baseless as it falls under a W/L ratioEngine still broken after idk how long. Stopped playing when the buggy as hell CSS was released try to get back into it but the registry and .netcode in this version of the game is still so awful that it's nearly unplayable. The community consists of die-hard try-hards" and people who haven't the slightest clue as to what they are doing. Ranks are useless and baseless as it falls under a W/L ratio

*UPDATED REVIEW of MAY 2nd, 2016*

Gambling in Blackjack offers a better chance in winning the jackpot than the crate system.

This is what CS:GO has become. Most people, not even gamers, only see the illusion that they can win some super rare knife instead of playing the game. It was the obnoxious Arms Deal" update that struck down CS:GO into a trash game and the later updates only made it worse or did nothing to improve it. Don't believe me? Since micro-transactions were introduced*UPDATED REVIEW of MAY 2nd, 2016*

Gambling in Blackjack offers a better chance in winning the jackpot than the crate system.

This is what CS:GO has become. Most people, not even gamers, only see the illusion that they can win some super rare knife instead of playing the game. It was the obnoxious Arms Deal" update that struck down CS:GO into a trash game and the later updates only made it worse or did nothing to improve it. Don't believe me? Since micro-transactions were introduced*UPDATED REVIEW of MAY 2nd, 2016*

Gambling in Blackjack offers a better chance in winning the jackpot than the crate system.

This is what CS:GO has become. Most people, not even gamers, only see the illusion that they can win some super rare knife instead of playing the game. It was the obnoxious Arms Deal" update that struck down CS:GO into a trash game and the later updates only made it worse or did nothing to improve it. Don't believe me? Since micro-transactions were introduced*UPDATED REVIEW of MAY 2nd, 2016*

Gambling in Blackjack offers a better chance in winning the jackpot than the crate system.

This is what CS:GO has become. Most people, not even gamers, only see the illusion that they can win some super rare knife instead of playing the game. It was the obnoxious Arms Deal" update that struck down CS:GO into a trash game and the later updates only made it worse or did nothing to improve it. Don't believe me? Since micro-transactions were introduced*UPDATED REVIEW of MAY 2nd, 2016*

Gambling in Blackjack offers a better chance in winning the jackpot than the crate system.

This is what CS:GO has become. Most people, not even gamers, only see the illusion that they can win some super rare knife instead of playing the game. It was the obnoxious Arms Deal" update that struck down CS:GO into a trash game and the later updates only made it worse or did nothing to improve it. Don't believe me? Since micro-transactions were introduced*UPDATED REVIEW of MAY 2nd, 2016*

Gambling in Blackjack offers a better chance in winning the jackpot than the crate system.

This is what CS:GO has become. Most people, not even gamers, only see the illusion that they can win some super rare knife instead of playing the game. It was the obnoxious Arms Deal" update that struck down CS:GO into a trash game and the later updates only made it worse or did nothing to improve it. Don't believe me? Since micro-transactions were introduced*UPDATED REVIEW of MAY 2nd, 2016*

Gambling in Blackjack offers a better chance in winning the jackpot than the crate system.

This is what CS:GO has become. Most people, not even gamers, only see the illusion that they can win some super rare knife instead of playing the game. It was the obnoxious Arms Deal" update that struck down CS:GO into a trash game and the later updates only made it worse or did nothing to improve it. Don't believe me? Since micro-transactions were introduced*UPDATED REVIEW of MAY 2nd, 2016*

Gambling in Blackjack offers a better chance in winning the jackpot than the crate system.

This is what CS:GO has become. Most people, not even gamers, only see the illusion that they can win some super rare knife instead of playing the game. It was the obnoxious Arms Deal" update that struck down CS:GO into a trash game and the later updates only made it worse or did nothing to improve it. Don't believe me? Since micro-transactions were introduced

Beast Game one of the best Shooters out there.Beast Game one of the best Shooters out there.Beast Game one of the best Shooters out there.Beast Game one of the best Shooters out there.Beast Game one of the best Shooters out there.Beast Game one of the best Shooters out there.Beast Game one of the best Shooters out there.Beast Game one of the best Shooters out there.

Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a great game about robbing banks. It shows how a great musical game like itself can be transformed into something of a story driven racing game. It shows a few hints of real time strategy and can be played while eating foods such as pizza, spaghetti and vegemite sandwitches. Overall i believe this dungeon crawler indie game should be given and 13/74. Cartons Of Lemons.Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a great game about robbing banks. It shows how a great musical game like itself can be transformed into something of a story driven racing game. It shows a few hints of real time strategy and can be played while eating foods such as pizza, spaghetti and vegemite sandwitches. Overall i believe this dungeon crawler indie game should be given and 13/74. Cartons Of Lemons.Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a great game about robbing banks. It shows how a great musical game like itself can be transformed into something of a story driven racing game. It shows a few hints of real time strategy and can be played while eating foods such as pizza, spaghetti and vegemite sandwitches. Overall i believe this dungeon crawler indie game should be given and 13/74. Cartons Of Lemons.Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a great game about robbing banks. It shows how a great musical game like itself can be transformed into something of a story driven racing game. It shows a few hints of real time strategy and can be played while eating foods such as pizza, spaghetti and vegemite sandwitches. Overall i believe this dungeon crawler indie game should be given and 13/74. Cartons Of Lemons.Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a great game about robbing banks. It shows how a great musical game like itself can be transformed into something of a story driven racing game. It shows a few hints of real time strategy and can be played while eating foods such as pizza, spaghetti and vegemite sandwitches. Overall i believe this dungeon crawler indie game should be given and 13/74. Cartons Of Lemons.Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a great game about robbing banks. It shows how a great musical game like itself can be transformed into something of a story driven racing game. It shows a few hints of real time strategy and can be played while eating foods such as pizza, spaghetti and vegemite sandwitches. Overall i believe this dungeon crawler indie game should be given and 13/74. Cartons Of Lemons.Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a great game about robbing banks. It shows how a great musical game like itself can be transformed into something of a story driven racing game. It shows a few hints of real time strategy and can be played while eating foods such as pizza, spaghetti and vegemite sandwitches. Overall i believe this dungeon crawler indie game should be given and 13/74. Cartons Of Lemons.Counter Strike: Global Offensive is a great game about robbing banks. It shows how a great musical game like itself can be transformed into something of a story driven racing game. It shows a few hints of real time strategy and can be played while eating foods such as pizza, spaghetti and vegemite sandwitches. Overall i believe this dungeon crawler indie game should be given and 13/74. Cartons Of Lemons.

Mean russian simulator 2015Mean russian simulator 2015Mean russian simulator 2015Mean russian simulator 2015Mean russian simulator 2015Mean russian simulator 2015Mean russian simulator 2015Mean russian simulator 2015

CSGO all day err day baby!CSGO all day err day baby!CSGO all day err day baby!CSGO all day err day baby!CSGO all day err day baby!CSGO all day err day baby!CSGO all day err day baby!CSGO all day err day baby!

R8 killed the gameR8 killed the gameR8 killed the gameR8 killed the gameR8 killed the gameR8 killed the gameR8 killed the gameR8 killed the game

Started playing cs go because I could earn money by cases and mission drops to buy other games, but then I got hooked. Once you play a while and know how the recoil, tactics and maps work, you will have a lot of fun playing competitive and other modes. Whats better then play a game you love and get free money to buy other games.Started playing cs go because I could earn money by cases and mission drops to buy other games, but then I got hooked. Once you play a while and know how the recoil, tactics and maps work, you will have a lot of fun playing competitive and other modes. Whats better then play a game you love and get free money to buy other games.Started playing cs go because I could earn money by cases and mission drops to buy other games, but then I got hooked. Once you play a while and know how the recoil, tactics and maps work, you will have a lot of fun playing competitive and other modes. Whats better then play a game you love and get free money to buy other games.Started playing cs go because I could earn money by cases and mission drops to buy other games, but then I got hooked. Once you play a while and know how the recoil, tactics and maps work, you will have a lot of fun playing competitive and other modes. Whats better then play a game you love and get free money to buy other games.Started playing cs go because I could earn money by cases and mission drops to buy other games, but then I got hooked. Once you play a while and know how the recoil, tactics and maps work, you will have a lot of fun playing competitive and other modes. Whats better then play a game you love and get free money to buy other games.Started playing cs go because I could earn money by cases and mission drops to buy other games, but then I got hooked. Once you play a while and know how the recoil, tactics and maps work, you will have a lot of fun playing competitive and other modes. Whats better then play a game you love and get free money to buy other games.Started playing cs go because I could earn money by cases and mission drops to buy other games, but then I got hooked. Once you play a while and know how the recoil, tactics and maps work, you will have a lot of fun playing competitive and other modes. Whats better then play a game you love and get free money to buy other games.Started playing cs go because I could earn money by cases and mission drops to buy other games, but then I got hooked. Once you play a while and know how the recoil, tactics and maps work, you will have a lot of fun playing competitive and other modes. Whats better then play a game you love and get free money to buy other games.

CS:GO is arguably the best Counter-Strike in the series. Counter-Strike's unique style in the first person shooter genre has made this series a trail blazer among many other shooters. CS:GO carries this mantra and revitalizes the concept with content that is mainly user driven. Compared to the previous iteration, some weapons have been replaced with similar counterparts while the maps have been upgraded and balanced more appropriately. Admittedly, the game was riddled with issues during the early stages but it has matured drastically since its inception, owing to Valve's diligence and community feedback. CS:GO's 250,000 concurrent players and the ever expanding competitive scene stands testimony to this game's successful approach. At the heart of this game is the community's boundless imagination full of custom maps, skins, stickers, and soundtracks that add style to the gameplay. Additionally, to show appreciation to the community, Valve packages community content into DLC and uses it to support the content creators and fund the competitive scene. This game is a must have for the FPS fans.CS:GO is arguably the best Counter-Strike in the series. Counter-Strike's unique style in the first person shooter genre has made this series a trail blazer among many other shooters. CS:GO carries this mantra and revitalizes the concept with content that is mainly user driven. Compared to the previous iteration, some weapons have been replaced with similar counterparts while the maps have been upgraded and balanced more appropriately. Admittedly, the game was riddled with issues during the early stages but it has matured drastically since its inception, owing to Valve's diligence and community feedback. CS:GO's 250,000 concurrent players and the ever expanding competitive scene stands testimony to this game's successful approach. At the heart of this game is the community's boundless imagination full of custom maps, skins, stickers, and soundtracks that add style to the gameplay. Additionally, to show appreciation to the community, Valve packages community content into DLC and uses it to support the content creators and fund the competitive scene. This game is a must have for the FPS fans.CS:GO is arguably the best Counter-Strike in the series. Counter-Strike's unique style in the first person shooter genre has made this series a trail blazer among many other shooters. CS:GO carries this mantra and revitalizes the concept with content that is mainly user driven. Compared to the previous iteration, some weapons have been replaced with similar counterparts while the maps have been upgraded and balanced more appropriately. Admittedly, the game was riddled with issues during the early stages but it has matured drastically since its inception, owing to Valve's diligence and community feedback. CS:GO's 250,000 concurrent players and the ever expanding competitive scene stands testimony to this game's successful approach. At the heart of this game is the community's boundless imagination full of custom maps, skins, stickers, and soundtracks that add style to the gameplay. Additionally, to show appreciation to the community, Valve packages community content into DLC and uses it to support the content creators and fund the competitive scene. This game is a must have for the FPS fans.CS:GO is arguably the best Counter-Strike in the series. Counter-Strike's unique style in the first person shooter genre has made this series a trail blazer among many other shooters. CS:GO carries this mantra and revitalizes the concept with content that is mainly user driven. Compared to the previous iteration, some weapons have been replaced with similar counterparts while the maps have been upgraded and balanced more appropriately. Admittedly, the game was riddled with issues during the early stages but it has matured drastically since its inception, owing to Valve's diligence and community feedback. CS:GO's 250,000 concurrent players and the ever expanding competitive scene stands testimony to this game's successful approach. At the heart of this game is the community's boundless imagination full of custom maps, skins, stickers, and soundtracks that add style to the gameplay. Additionally, to show appreciation to the community, Valve packages community content into DLC and uses it to support the content creators and fund the competitive scene. This game is a must have for the FPS fans.CS:GO is arguably the best Counter-Strike in the series. Counter-Strike's unique style in the first person shooter genre has made this series a trail blazer among many other shooters. CS:GO carries this mantra and revitalizes the concept with content that is mainly user driven. Compared to the previous iteration, some weapons have been replaced with similar counterparts while the maps have been upgraded and balanced more appropriately. Admittedly, the game was riddled with issues during the early stages but it has matured drastically since its inception, owing to Valve's diligence and community feedback. CS:GO's 250,000 concurrent players and the ever expanding competitive scene stands testimony to this game's successful approach. At the heart of this game is the community's boundless imagination full of custom maps, skins, stickers, and soundtracks that add style to the gameplay. Additionally, to show appreciation to the community, Valve packages community content into DLC and uses it to support the content creators and fund the competitive scene. This game is a must have for the FPS fans.CS:GO is arguably the best Counter-Strike in the series. Counter-Strike's unique style in the first person shooter genre has made this series a trail blazer among many other shooters. CS:GO carries this mantra and revitalizes the concept with content that is mainly user driven. Compared to the previous iteration, some weapons have been replaced with similar counterparts while the maps have been upgraded and balanced more appropriately. Admittedly, the game was riddled with issues during the early stages but it has matured drastically since its inception, owing to Valve's diligence and community feedback. CS:GO's 250,000 concurrent players and the ever expanding competitive scene stands testimony to this game's successful approach. At the heart of this game is the community's boundless imagination full of custom maps, skins, stickers, and soundtracks that add style to the gameplay. Additionally, to show appreciation to the community, Valve packages community content into DLC and uses it to support the content creators and fund the competitive scene. This game is a must have for the FPS fans.CS:GO is arguably the best Counter-Strike in the series. Counter-Strike's unique style in the first person shooter genre has made this series a trail blazer among many other shooters. CS:GO carries this mantra and revitalizes the concept with content that is mainly user driven. Compared to the previous iteration, some weapons have been replaced with similar counterparts while the maps have been upgraded and balanced more appropriately. Admittedly, the game was riddled with issues during the early stages but it has matured drastically since its inception, owing to Valve's diligence and community feedback. CS:GO's 250,000 concurrent players and the ever expanding competitive scene stands testimony to this game's successful approach. At the heart of this game is the community's boundless imagination full of custom maps, skins, stickers, and soundtracks that add style to the gameplay. Additionally, to show appreciation to the community, Valve packages community content into DLC and uses it to support the content creators and fund the competitive scene. This game is a must have for the FPS fans.CS:GO is arguably the best Counter-Strike in the series. Counter-Strike's unique style in the first person shooter genre has made this series a trail blazer among many other shooters. CS:GO carries this mantra and revitalizes the concept with content that is mainly user driven. Compared to the previous iteration, some weapons have been replaced with similar counterparts while the maps have been upgraded and balanced more appropriately. Admittedly, the game was riddled with issues during the early stages but it has matured drastically since its inception, owing to Valve's diligence and community feedback. CS:GO's 250,000 concurrent players and the ever expanding competitive scene stands testimony to this game's successful approach. At the heart of this game is the community's boundless imagination full of custom maps, skins, stickers, and soundtracks that add style to the gameplay. Additionally, to show appreciation to the community, Valve packages community content into DLC and uses it to support the content creators and fund the competitive scene. This game is a must have for the FPS fans.

biggest cheat infested game ever, not even to mention russian griefers
the developers do almost nothing against cheaters, in 15 days in May I countered already
40 wallhackers and 10 aimbot/spinbotsbiggest cheat infested game ever, not even to mention russian griefers
the developers do almost nothing against cheaters, in 15 days in May I countered already
40 wallhackers and 10 aimbot/spinbotsbiggest cheat infested game ever, not even to mention russian griefers
the developers do almost nothing against cheaters, in 15 days in May I countered already
40 wallhackers and 10 aimbot/spinbotsbiggest cheat infested game ever, not even to mention russian griefers
the developers do almost nothing against cheaters, in 15 days in May I countered already
40 wallhackers and 10 aimbot/spinbotsbiggest cheat infested game ever, not even to mention russian griefers
the developers do almost nothing against cheaters, in 15 days in May I countered already
40 wallhackers and 10 aimbot/spinbotsbiggest cheat infested game ever, not even to mention russian griefers
the developers do almost nothing against cheaters, in 15 days in May I countered already
40 wallhackers and 10 aimbot/spinbotsbiggest cheat infested game ever, not even to mention russian griefers
the developers do almost nothing against cheaters, in 15 days in May I countered already
40 wallhackers and 10 aimbot/spinbots

No... just no. I love this game, it's really good, but I'm giving it a thumbs down. Not just is the matchmaking system broken and the community is full of russians and 10 year olds, there are countless cheater and smurfers. Oh, you wanted to play a game without constant unbalance, and wallhacking jackasses? Well, you're in the wrong place. The community is toxic, wanting to kick you because you decide to save or make one single mistake. When you ask to get kicked for having to go or whatnot, nobody gives a , and you're doomed with your ban. Make ONE small mistake like accidentically flicking your mouse and boom, kicked. The smurfers are stealing kills and ruining the game, everytime I play with one I'm just planting the bomb while he gets aces and if I'm lucky I get to kill one player per second round or so. When there's a hacker on my team and I insist to kick him, my teammates give two  and won't kick him for the sake of winning. When he's on the other team, they trash talk us blabbering about how he's just a good smurf. My . Also, VAC and overwatch ing sucks. I see hackers everyday, and VAC takes it sweet  time and lets them ruin the game for as many players as possible before they get banned, on which they create a new account to continue cheating. Oh, and the game costs absolutely nothing. Don't even let me begin with knives, ing $300 for a knife? I do agree in the skins looking cool and all that but seriously, why not spend that money on upgrading your computer so you can admire your knives in better quality? And the case unboxing is ridiculous, I cannot count how many Negevs I have gotten from spending $50 on cases. On top of that, the matchmaking always puts me with 12 year olds. I'm sick of kids saying fokk yau bish" in the worst accent possible. The workshop is also horribleNo... just no. I love this game, it's really good, but I'm giving it a thumbs down. Not just is the matchmaking system broken and the community is full of russians and 10 year olds, there are countless cheater and smurfers. Oh, you wanted to play a game without constant unbalance, and wallhacking jackasses? Well, you're in the wrong place. The community is toxic, wanting to kick you because you decide to save or make one single mistake. When you ask to get kicked for having to go or whatnot, nobody gives a , and you're doomed with your ban. Make ONE small mistake like accidentically flicking your mouse and boom, kicked. The smurfers are stealing kills and ruining the game, everytime I play with one I'm just planting the bomb while he gets aces and if I'm lucky I get to kill one player per second round or so. When there's a hacker on my team and I insist to kick him, my teammates give two  and won't kick him for the sake of winning. When he's on the other team, they trash talk us blabbering about how he's just a good smurf. My . Also, VAC and overwatch ing sucks. I see hackers everyday, and VAC takes it sweet  time and lets them ruin the game for as many players as possible before they get banned, on which they create a new account to continue cheating. Oh, and the game costs absolutely nothing. Don't even let me begin with knives, ing $300 for a knife? I do agree in the skins looking cool and all that but seriously, why not spend that money on upgrading your computer so you can admire your knives in better quality? And the case unboxing is ridiculous, I cannot count how many Negevs I have gotten from spending $50 on cases. On top of that, the matchmaking always puts me with 12 year olds. I'm sick of kids saying fokk yau bish" in the worst accent possible. The workshop is also horribleNo... just no. I love this game, it's really good, but I'm giving it a thumbs down. Not just is the matchmaking system broken and the community is full of russians and 10 year olds, there are countless cheater and smurfers. Oh, you wanted to play a game without constant unbalance, and wallhacking jackasses? Well, you're in the wrong place. The community is toxic, wanting to kick you because you decide to save or make one single mistake. When you ask to get kicked for having to go or whatnot, nobody gives a , and you're doomed with your ban. Make ONE small mistake like accidentically flicking your mouse and boom, kicked. The smurfers are stealing kills and ruining the game, everytime I play with one I'm just planting the bomb while he gets aces and if I'm lucky I get to kill one player per second round or so. When there's a hacker on my team and I insist to kick him, my teammates give two  and won't kick him for the sake of winning. When he's on the other team, they trash talk us blabbering about how he's just a good smurf. My . Also, VAC and overwatch ing sucks. I see hackers everyday, and VAC takes it sweet  time and lets them ruin the game for as many players as possible before they get banned, on which they create a new account to continue cheating. Oh, and the game costs absolutely nothing. Don't even let me begin with knives, ing $300 for a knife? I do agree in the skins looking cool and all that but seriously, why not spend that money on upgrading your computer so you can admire your knives in better quality? And the case unboxing is ridiculous, I cannot count how many Negevs I have gotten from spending $50 on cases. On top of that, the matchmaking always puts me with 12 year olds. I'm sick of kids saying fokk yau bish" in the worst accent possible. The workshop is also horribleNo... just no. I love this game, it's really good, but I'm giving it a thumbs down. Not just is the matchmaking system broken and the community is full of russians and 10 year olds, there are countless cheater and smurfers. Oh, you wanted to play a game without constant unbalance, and wallhacking jackasses? Well, you're in the wrong place. The community is toxic, wanting to kick you because you decide to save or make one single mistake. When you ask to get kicked for having to go or whatnot, nobody gives a , and you're doomed with your ban. Make ONE small mistake like accidentically flicking your mouse and boom, kicked. The smurfers are stealing kills and ruining the game, everytime I play with one I'm just planting the bomb while he gets aces and if I'm lucky I get to kill one player per second round or so. When there's a hacker on my team and I insist to kick him, my teammates give two  and won't kick him for the sake of winning. When he's on the other team, they trash talk us blabbering about how he's just a good smurf. My . Also, VAC and overwatch ing sucks. I see hackers everyday, and VAC takes it sweet  time and lets them ruin the game for as many players as possible before they get banned, on which they create a new account to continue cheating. Oh, and the game costs absolutely nothing. Don't even let me begin with knives, ing $300 for a knife? I do agree in the skins looking cool and all that but seriously, why not spend that money on upgrading your computer so you can admire your knives in better quality? And the case unboxing is ridiculous, I cannot count how many Negevs I have gotten from spending $50 on cases. On top of that, the matchmaking always puts me with 12 year olds. I'm sick of kids saying fokk yau bish" in the worst accent possible. The workshop is also horribleNo... just no. I love this game, it's really good, but I'm giving it a thumbs down. Not just is the matchmaking system broken and the community is full of russians and 10 year olds, there are countless cheater and smurfers. Oh, you wanted to play a game without constant unbalance, and wallhacking jackasses? Well, you're in the wrong place. The community is toxic, wanting to kick you because you decide to save or make one single mistake. When you ask to get kicked for having to go or whatnot, nobody gives a , and you're doomed with your ban. Make ONE small mistake like accidentically flicking your mouse and boom, kicked. The smurfers are stealing kills and ruining the game, everytime I play with one I'm just planting the bomb while he gets aces and if I'm lucky I get to kill one player per second round or so. When there's a hacker on my team and I insist to kick him, my teammates give two  and won't kick him for the sake of winning. When he's on the other team, they trash talk us blabbering about how he's just a good smurf. My . Also, VAC and overwatch ing sucks. I see hackers everyday, and VAC takes it sweet  time and lets them ruin the game for as many players as possible before they get banned, on which they create a new account to continue cheating. Oh, and the game costs absolutely nothing. Don't even let me begin with knives, ing $300 for a knife? I do agree in the skins looking cool and all that but seriously, why not spend that money on upgrading your computer so you can admire your knives in better quality? And the case unboxing is ridiculous, I cannot count how many Negevs I have gotten from spending $50 on cases. On top of that, the matchmaking always puts me with 12 year olds. I'm sick of kids saying fokk yau bish" in the worst accent possible. The workshop is also horribleNo... just no. I love this game, it's really good, but I'm giving it a thumbs down. Not just is the matchmaking system broken and the community is full of russians and 10 year olds, there are countless cheater and smurfers. Oh, you wanted to play a game without constant unbalance, and wallhacking jackasses? Well, you're in the wrong place. The community is toxic, wanting to kick you because you decide to save or make one single mistake. When you ask to get kicked for having to go or whatnot, nobody gives a , and you're doomed with your ban. Make ONE small mistake like accidentically flicking your mouse and boom, kicked. The smurfers are stealing kills and ruining the game, everytime I play with one I'm just planting the bomb while he gets aces and if I'm lucky I get to kill one player per second round or so. When there's a hacker on my team and I insist to kick him, my teammates give two  and won't kick him for the sake of winning. When he's on the other team, they trash talk us blabbering about how he's just a good smurf. My . Also, VAC and overwatch ing sucks. I see hackers everyday, and VAC takes it sweet  time and lets them ruin the game for as many players as possible before they get banned, on which they create a new account to continue cheating. Oh, and the game costs absolutely nothing. Don't even let me begin with knives, ing $300 for a knife? I do agree in the skins looking cool and all that but seriously, why not spend that money on upgrading your computer so you can admire your knives in better quality? And the case unboxing is ridiculous, I cannot count how many Negevs I have gotten from spending $50 on cases. On top of that, the matchmaking always puts me with 12 year olds. I'm sick of kids saying fokk yau bish" in the worst accent possible. The workshop is also horribleNo... just no. I love this game, it's really good, but I'm giving it a thumbs down. Not just is the matchmaking system broken and the community is full of russians and 10 year olds, there are countless cheater and smurfers. Oh, you wanted to play a game without constant unbalance, and wallhacking jackasses? Well, you're in the wrong place. The community is toxic, wanting to kick you because you decide to save or make one single mistake. When you ask to get kicked for having to go or whatnot, nobody gives a , and you're doomed with your ban. Make ONE small mistake like accidentically flicking your mouse and boom, kicked. The smurfers are stealing kills and ruining the game, everytime I play with one I'm just planting the bomb while he gets aces and if I'm lucky I get to kill one player per second round or so. When there's a hacker on my team and I insist to kick him, my teammates give two  and won't kick him for the sake of winning. When he's on the other team, they trash talk us blabbering about how he's just a good smurf. My . Also, VAC and overwatch ing sucks. I see hackers everyday, and VAC takes it sweet  time and lets them ruin the game for as many players as possible before they get banned, on which they create a new account to continue cheating. Oh, and the game costs absolutely nothing. Don't even let me begin with knives, ing $300 for a knife? I do agree in the skins looking cool and all that but seriously, why not spend that money on upgrading your computer so you can admire your knives in better quality? And the case unboxing is ridiculous, I cannot count how many Negevs I have gotten from spending $50 on cases. On top of that, the matchmaking always puts me with 12 year olds. I'm sick of kids saying fokk yau bish" in the worst accent possible. The workshop is also horrible

I totally recommend this game to anyone who's looking for: fun, competetive gameplay and little big of rage :DI totally recommend this game to anyone who's looking for: fun, competetive gameplay and little big of rage :DI totally recommend this game to anyone who's looking for: fun, competetive gameplay and little big of rage :DI totally recommend this game to anyone who's looking for: fun, competetive gameplay and little big of rage :DI totally recommend this game to anyone who's looking for: fun, competetive gameplay and little big of rage :DI totally recommend this game to anyone who's looking for: fun, competetive gameplay and little big of rage :DI totally recommend this game to anyone who's looking for: fun, competetive gameplay and little big of rage :D

Comparing with CS:Source,we can no more spray erotic pictures in game.
Instead,we have splendid weapon skins.
If you become the last survivor of your team,don't be nervous,even facing 5.Just gently press your fade F,then you can guarantee everyone on your side is watching you showing off your sparkling invaluable knife.
There's no noob in the world,just elegantly push your likeable F,then everything is alright.

In order to keep youself brilliant,you would buy as many cases and keys as you can afford.
If you don't have so much money,work for it.If you don't have so much time to work,go rob a bank.
If you finally got arrested,at least you had tried your best to chase your dream and guard your faith.

Go f()()() the game,and just admire your collection.
Enjoy yourself in Counter-Strike:Skinner Box.

10/10   /Would touch F again and again


If you are NOT interested in all these above,congratulations,you're a super idiot,the only thing you can do to save yourself is to play  surfing and TTT in community servers with me.Comparing with CS:Source,we can no more spray erotic pictures in game.
Instead,we have splendid weapon skins.
If you become the last survivor of your team,don't be nervous,even facing 5.Just gently press your fade F,then you can guarantee everyone on your side is watching you showing off your sparkling invaluable knife.
There's no noob in the world,just elegantly push your likeable F,then everything is alright.

In order to keep youself brilliant,you would buy as many cases and keys as you can afford.
If you don't have so much money,work for it.If you don't have so much time to work,go rob a bank.
If you finally got arrested,at least you had tried your best to chase your dream and guard your faith.

Go f()()() the game,and just admire your collection.
Enjoy yourself in Counter-Strike:Skinner Box.

10/10   /Would touch F again and again


If you are NOT interested in all these above,congratulations,you're a super idiot,the only thing you can do to save yourself is to play  surfing and TTT in community servers with me.Comparing with CS:Source,we can no more spray erotic pictures in game.
Instead,we have splendid weapon skins.
If you become the last survivor of your team,don't be nervous,even facing 5.Just gently press your fade F,then you can guarantee everyone on your side is watching you showing off your sparkling invaluable knife.
There's no noob in the world,just elegantly push your likeable F,then everything is alright.

In order to keep youself brilliant,you would buy as many cases and keys as you can afford.
If you don't have so much money,work for it.If you don't have so much time to work,go rob a bank.
If you finally got arrested,at least you had tried your best to chase your dream and guard your faith.

Go f()()() the game,and just admire your collection.
Enjoy yourself in Counter-Strike:Skinner Box.

10/10   /Would touch F again and again


If you are NOT interested in all these above,congratulations,you're a super idiot,the only thing you can do to save yourself is to play  surfing and TTT in community servers with me.Comparing with CS:Source,we can no more spray erotic pictures in game.
Instead,we have splendid weapon skins.
If you become the last survivor of your team,don't be nervous,even facing 5.Just gently press your fade F,then you can guarantee everyone on your side is watching you showing off your sparkling invaluable knife.
There's no noob in the world,just elegantly push your likeable F,then everything is alright.

In order to keep youself brilliant,you would buy as many cases and keys as you can afford.
If you don't have so much money,work for it.If you don't have so much time to work,go rob a bank.
If you finally got arrested,at least you had tried your best to chase your dream and guard your faith.

Go f()()() the game,and just admire your collection.
Enjoy yourself in Counter-Strike:Skinner Box.

10/10   /Would touch F again and again


If you are NOT interested in all these above,congratulations,you're a super idiot,the only thing you can do to save yourself is to play  surfing and TTT in community servers with me.Comparing with CS:Source,we can no more spray erotic pictures in game.
Instead,we have splendid weapon skins.
If you become the last survivor of your team,don't be nervous,even facing 5.Just gently press your fade F,then you can guarantee everyone on your side is watching you showing off your sparkling invaluable knife.
There's no noob in the world,just elegantly push your likeable F,then everything is alright.

In order to keep youself brilliant,you would buy as many cases and keys as you can afford.
If you don't have so much money,work for it.If you don't have so much time to work,go rob a bank.
If you finally got arrested,at least you had tried your best to chase your dream and guard your faith.

Go f()()() the game,and just admire your collection.
Enjoy yourself in Counter-Strike:Skinner Box.

10/10   /Would touch F again and again


If you are NOT interested in all these above,congratulations,you're a super idiot,the only thing you can do to save yourself is to play  surfing and TTT in community servers with me.Comparing with CS:Source,we can no more spray erotic pictures in game.
Instead,we have splendid weapon skins.
If you become the last survivor of your team,don't be nervous,even facing 5.Just gently press your fade F,then you can guarantee everyone on your side is watching you showing off your sparkling invaluable knife.
There's no noob in the world,just elegantly push your likeable F,then everything is alright.

In order to keep youself brilliant,you would buy as many cases and keys as you can afford.
If you don't have so much money,work for it.If you don't have so much time to work,go rob a bank.
If you finally got arrested,at least you had tried your best to chase your dream and guard your faith.

Go f()()() the game,and just admire your collection.
Enjoy yourself in Counter-Strike:Skinner Box.

10/10   /Would touch F again and again


If you are NOT interested in all these above,congratulations,you're a super idiot,the only thing you can do to save yourself is to play  surfing and TTT in community servers with me.Comparing with CS:Source,we can no more spray erotic pictures in game.
Instead,we have splendid weapon skins.
If you become the last survivor of your team,don't be nervous,even facing 5.Just gently press your fade F,then you can guarantee everyone on your side is watching you showing off your sparkling invaluable knife.
There's no noob in the world,just elegantly push your likeable F,then everything is alright.

In order to keep youself brilliant,you would buy as many cases and keys as you can afford.
If you don't have so much money,work for it.If you don't have so much time to work,go rob a bank.
If you finally got arrested,at least you had tried your best to chase your dream and guard your faith.

Go f()()() the game,and just admire your collection.
Enjoy yourself in Counter-Strike:Skinner Box.

10/10   /Would touch F again and again


If you are NOT interested in all these above,congratulations,you're a super idiot,the only thing you can do to save yourself is to play  surfing and TTT in community servers with me.

Sold my house for skins 10/10Sold my house for skins 10/10Sold my house for skins 10/10Sold my house for skins 10/10Sold my house for skins 10/10Sold my house for skins 10/10Sold my house for skins 10/10

Nice game. Like the competitive thing! so much addicted to the gameNice game. Like the competitive thing! so much addicted to the gameNice game. Like the competitive thing! so much addicted to the gameNice game. Like the competitive thing! so much addicted to the gameNice game. Like the competitive thing! so much addicted to the gameNice game. Like the competitive thing! so much addicted to the gameNice game. Like the competitive thing! so much addicted to the game

I loved the game until the winter update, It has made this game more rng based after the rifle patch.  I dont even have to explain what the r8 has done to the game.  I was a good supporter of csgo for a long time until the 2015 winter update.  I will not be playing this game until what they have done is reversed.I loved the game until the winter update, It has made this game more rng based after the rifle patch.  I dont even have to explain what the r8 has done to the game.  I was a good supporter of csgo for a long time until the 2015 winter update.  I will not be playing this game until what they have done is reversed.I loved the game until the winter update, It has made this game more rng based after the rifle patch.  I dont even have to explain what the r8 has done to the game.  I was a good supporter of csgo for a long time until the 2015 winter update.  I will not be playing this game until what they have done is reversed.I loved the game until the winter update, It has made this game more rng based after the rifle patch.  I dont even have to explain what the r8 has done to the game.  I was a good supporter of csgo for a long time until the 2015 winter update.  I will not be playing this game until what they have done is reversed.I loved the game until the winter update, It has made this game more rng based after the rifle patch.  I dont even have to explain what the r8 has done to the game.  I was a good supporter of csgo for a long time until the 2015 winter update.  I will not be playing this game until what they have done is reversed.I loved the game until the winter update, It has made this game more rng based after the rifle patch.  I dont even have to explain what the r8 has done to the game.  I was a good supporter of csgo for a long time until the 2015 winter update.  I will not be playing this game until what they have done is reversed.I loved the game until the winter update, It has made this game more rng based after the rifle patch.  I dont even have to explain what the r8 has done to the game.  I was a good supporter of csgo for a long time until the 2015 winter update.  I will not be playing this game until what they have done is reversed.

VAC IS NOT WORK GABEN DELETE THIS S1T IF YOU CAN'T FIX YOUR FUCING VACVAC IS NOT WORK GABEN DELETE THIS S1T IF YOU CAN'T FIX YOUR FUCING VACVAC IS NOT WORK GABEN DELETE THIS S1T IF YOU CAN'T FIX YOUR FUCING VACVAC IS NOT WORK GABEN DELETE THIS S1T IF YOU CAN'T FIX YOUR FUCING VACVAC IS NOT WORK GABEN DELETE THIS S1T IF YOU CAN'T FIX YOUR FUCING VACVAC IS NOT WORK GABEN DELETE THIS S1T IF YOU CAN'T FIX YOUR FUCING VACVAC IS NOT WORK GABEN DELETE THIS S1T IF YOU CAN'T FIX YOUR FUCING VAC

The game of a generation. Travel the globe and gather the most wonderful objects created by man. Put them in a magic bag with a pile of moondust. The contents of said bag would still suck in comparison to Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. 10/10The game of a generation. Travel the globe and gather the most wonderful objects created by man. Put them in a magic bag with a pile of moondust. The contents of said bag would still suck in comparison to Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. 10/10The game of a generation. Travel the globe and gather the most wonderful objects created by man. Put them in a magic bag with a pile of moondust. The contents of said bag would still suck in comparison to Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. 10/10The game of a generation. Travel the globe and gather the most wonderful objects created by man. Put them in a magic bag with a pile of moondust. The contents of said bag would still suck in comparison to Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. 10/10The game of a generation. Travel the globe and gather the most wonderful objects created by man. Put them in a magic bag with a pile of moondust. The contents of said bag would still suck in comparison to Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. 10/10The game of a generation. Travel the globe and gather the most wonderful objects created by man. Put them in a magic bag with a pile of moondust. The contents of said bag would still suck in comparison to Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. 10/10The game of a generation. Travel the globe and gather the most wonderful objects created by man. Put them in a magic bag with a pile of moondust. The contents of said bag would still suck in comparison to Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. 10/10

Do I like this game? Yes.
Can I reccomend it? No.
It's too hard to get into. Most new players will not gravitate towards the Competitive scene, despite it's the place where people should start, strangely. It's just not a good game to start.Do I like this game? Yes.
Can I reccomend it? No.
It's too hard to get into. Most new players will not gravitate towards the Competitive scene, despite it's the place where people should start, strangely. It's just not a good game to start.Do I like this game? Yes.
Can I reccomend it? No.
It's too hard to get into. Most new players will not gravitate towards the Competitive scene, despite it's the place where people should start, strangely. It's just not a good game to start.Do I like this game? Yes.
Can I reccomend it? No.
It's too hard to get into. Most new players will not gravitate towards the Competitive scene, despite it's the place where people should start, strangely. It's just not a good game to start.Do I like this game? Yes.
Can I reccomend it? No.
It's too hard to get into. Most new players will not gravitate towards the Competitive scene, despite it's the place where people should start, strangely. It's just not a good game to start.Do I like this game? Yes.
Can I reccomend it? No.
It's too hard to get into. Most new players will not gravitate towards the Competitive scene, despite it's the place where people should start, strangely. It's just not a good game to start.Do I like this game? Yes.
Can I reccomend it? No.
It's too hard to get into. Most new players will not gravitate towards the Competitive scene, despite it's the place where people should start, strangely. It's just not a good game to start.

Full of cheaters. Spin hacks, wallhacks, ragehacks and so on.
Im ****ing done.Full of cheaters. Spin hacks, wallhacks, ragehacks and so on.
Im ****ing done.Full of cheaters. Spin hacks, wallhacks, ragehacks and so on.
Im ****ing done.Full of cheaters. Spin hacks, wallhacks, ragehacks and so on.
Im ****ing done.Full of cheaters. Spin hacks, wallhacks, ragehacks and so on.
Im ****ing done.Full of cheaters. Spin hacks, wallhacks, ragehacks and so on.
Im ****ing done.Full of cheaters. Spin hacks, wallhacks, ragehacks and so on.
Im ****ing done.

I've spent way too much money on this game.I've spent way too much money on this game.I've spent way too much money on this game.I've spent way too much money on this game.I've spent way too much money on this game.I've spent way too much money on this game.I've spent way too much money on this game.

The worst community since Call of Duty. 10/10The worst community since Call of Duty. 10/10The worst community since Call of Duty. 10/10The worst community since Call of Duty. 10/10The worst community since Call of Duty. 10/10The worst community since Call of Duty. 10/10The worst community since Call of Duty. 10/10

'CS:GO' <=       ...

  .                  .    ,   1   .   , 2-3      !   ...       :        ' '    texture-  ,  ''           .               ,    . , ' ', ''      .           B           ,      !     !      ! !

     .           ,      .           !            ! ,        ,           .           .           ,    .             .                       .      ,          AWP           ,     :/

TL,DR :

   ,  'CS:GO'- ,

[+]    !
[+]  ,    !
[+]       !
[+]     ,                 ...

    ? :)'CS:GO' <=       ...

  .                  .    ,   1   .   , 2-3      !   ...       :        ' '    texture-  ,  ''           .               ,    . , ' ', ''      .           B           ,      !     !      ! !

     .           ,      .           !            ! ,        ,           .           .           ,    .             .                       .      ,          AWP           ,     :/

TL,DR :

   ,  'CS:GO'- ,

[+]    !
[+]  ,    !
[+]       !
[+]     ,                 ...

    ? :)'CS:GO' <=       ...

  .                  .    ,   1   .   , 2-3      !   ...       :        ' '    texture-  ,  ''           .               ,    . , ' ', ''      .           B           ,      !     !      ! !

     .           ,      .           !            ! ,        ,           .           .           ,    .             .                       .      ,          AWP           ,     :/

TL,DR :

   ,  'CS:GO'- ,

[+]    !
[+]  ,    !
[+]       !
[+]     ,                 ...

    ? :)'CS:GO' <=       ...

  .                  .    ,   1   .   , 2-3      !   ...       :        ' '    texture-  ,  ''           .               ,    . , ' ', ''      .           B           ,      !     !      ! !

     .           ,      .           !            ! ,        ,           .           .           ,    .             .                       .      ,          AWP           ,     :/

TL,DR :

   ,  'CS:GO'- ,

[+]    !
[+]  ,    !
[+]       !
[+]     ,                 ...

    ? :)'CS:GO' <=       ...

  .                  .    ,   1   .   , 2-3      !   ...       :        ' '    texture-  ,  ''           .               ,    . , ' ', ''      .           B           ,      !     !      ! !

     .           ,      .           !            ! ,        ,           .           .           ,    .             .                       .      ,          AWP           ,     :/

TL,DR :

   ,  'CS:GO'- ,

[+]    !
[+]  ,    !
[+]       !
[+]     ,                 ...

    ? :)'CS:GO' <=       ...

  .                  .    ,   1   .   , 2-3      !   ...       :        ' '    texture-  ,  ''           .               ,    . , ' ', ''      .           B           ,      !     !      ! !

     .           ,      .           !            ! ,        ,           .           .           ,    .             .                       .      ,          AWP           ,     :/

TL,DR :

   ,  'CS:GO'- ,

[+]    !
[+]  ,    !
[+]       !
[+]     ,                 ...

    ? :)'CS:GO' <=       ...

  .                  .    ,   1   .   , 2-3      !   ...       :        ' '    texture-  ,  ''           .               ,    . , ' ', ''      .           B           ,      !     !      ! !

     .           ,      .           !            ! ,        ,           .           .           ,    .             .                       .      ,          AWP           ,     :/

TL,DR :

   ,  'CS:GO'- ,

[+]    !
[+]  ,    !
[+]       !
[+]     ,                 ...

    ? :)

Bought it 5 timesBought it 5 timesBought it 5 timesBought it 5 timesBought it 5 timesBought it 5 timesBought it 5 times

idk what to put so heres a waffle recipe:

Ingredients:

2 eggs
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 3/4 cups milk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 tablespoon white sugar
4 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Steps:

1.) Preheat waffle iron. Beat eggs in large bowl with hand beater until fluffy. Beat in flour, milk, vegetable oil, sugar, baking powder, salt and vanilla, just until smooth.

2.) Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray. Pour mix onto hot waffle iron. Cook until golden brown. Serve hotidk what to put so heres a waffle recipe:

Ingredients:

2 eggs
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 3/4 cups milk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 tablespoon white sugar
4 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Steps:

1.) Preheat waffle iron. Beat eggs in large bowl with hand beater until fluffy. Beat in flour, milk, vegetable oil, sugar, baking powder, salt and vanilla, just until smooth.

2.) Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray. Pour mix onto hot waffle iron. Cook until golden brown. Serve hotidk what to put so heres a waffle recipe:

Ingredients:

2 eggs
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 3/4 cups milk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 tablespoon white sugar
4 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Steps:

1.) Preheat waffle iron. Beat eggs in large bowl with hand beater until fluffy. Beat in flour, milk, vegetable oil, sugar, baking powder, salt and vanilla, just until smooth.

2.) Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray. Pour mix onto hot waffle iron. Cook until golden brown. Serve hotidk what to put so heres a waffle recipe:

Ingredients:

2 eggs
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 3/4 cups milk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 tablespoon white sugar
4 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Steps:

1.) Preheat waffle iron. Beat eggs in large bowl with hand beater until fluffy. Beat in flour, milk, vegetable oil, sugar, baking powder, salt and vanilla, just until smooth.

2.) Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray. Pour mix onto hot waffle iron. Cook until golden brown. Serve hotidk what to put so heres a waffle recipe:

Ingredients:

2 eggs
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 3/4 cups milk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 tablespoon white sugar
4 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Steps:

1.) Preheat waffle iron. Beat eggs in large bowl with hand beater until fluffy. Beat in flour, milk, vegetable oil, sugar, baking powder, salt and vanilla, just until smooth.

2.) Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray. Pour mix onto hot waffle iron. Cook until golden brown. Serve hotidk what to put so heres a waffle recipe:

Ingredients:

2 eggs
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 3/4 cups milk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 tablespoon white sugar
4 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Steps:

1.) Preheat waffle iron. Beat eggs in large bowl with hand beater until fluffy. Beat in flour, milk, vegetable oil, sugar, baking powder, salt and vanilla, just until smooth.

2.) Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray. Pour mix onto hot waffle iron. Cook until golden brown. Serve hotidk what to put so heres a waffle recipe:

Ingredients:

2 eggs
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 3/4 cups milk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
1 tablespoon white sugar
4 teaspoons baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

Steps:

1.) Preheat waffle iron. Beat eggs in large bowl with hand beater until fluffy. Beat in flour, milk, vegetable oil, sugar, baking powder, salt and vanilla, just until smooth.

2.) Spray preheated waffle iron with non-stick cooking spray. Pour mix onto hot waffle iron. Cook until golden brown. Serve hot

1600+ hours played and 750 competitive wins - Sittin' pretty at Nova 1.1600+ hours played and 750 competitive wins - Sittin' pretty at Nova 1.1600+ hours played and 750 competitive wins - Sittin' pretty at Nova 1.1600+ hours played and 750 competitive wins - Sittin' pretty at Nova 1.1600+ hours played and 750 competitive wins - Sittin' pretty at Nova 1.1600+ hours played and 750 competitive wins - Sittin' pretty at Nova 1.1600+ hours played and 750 competitive wins - Sittin' pretty at Nova 1.

Welp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happyWelp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happyWelp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happyWelp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happyWelp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happyWelp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happyWelp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happy

this game is really badthis game is really badthis game is really badthis game is really badthis game is really badthis game is really badthis game is really bad

Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.

Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.Now that i played this game for quite a while, I can confirm that you deal 10% more dmg with guns with Kawaii Sticker on it.

Welp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happyWelp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happyWelp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happyWelp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happyWelp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happyWelp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happyWelp. I started back in 2014. 2 days after my birthday.  I was a yonger person, with a wallet still. Gaben tickled at my thigh. He wanted that money but no. I did not yet know what was to come of this game. I played, and a few days later (Maybe months cause idk I was new and bad) I got ranked at the amazing Silver IV. I was so proud being a higher rank than all my friends. I felt so good. Then I played faceit for the first time, with around 15 competitive wins so far. It was me, and my friends. British friends. I thought this would be easy, but who knows I thought this was just like regular MM. Then we got 16-0'd. I couldn't turn a corner without getting rekt.
Time went on and I found myself with 20$ on my steam. I got 2 normal Global Case Keys and opened 2 cases. Whatever it was, it was . Anyway, I got an AWP | Pit Viper, an M4A4 | Urban DDPAT, and a bunch of other crappy stuff.
This would eventually turn into an addiction. I got my friend knife. A Flip Knife | Scorched (FT) I was so happy. Then I got scammed when I learned what a Blue Gem" was. My  blaze pattern AK-47 | Case Hardened (FN) I overpayed a  ton for. But I was happy

bad game dont buybad game dont buybad game dont buybad game dont buybad game dont buybad game dont buybad game dont buy

.....................

Me: Rip Rip Money.
Gaben: Ching Ching Bling~Me: Rip Rip Money.
Gaben: Ching Ching Bling~Me: Rip Rip Money.
Gaben: Ching Ching Bling~Me: Rip Rip Money.
Gaben: Ching Ching Bling~Me: Rip Rip Money.
Gaben: Ching Ching Bling~Me: Rip Rip Money.
Gaben: Ching Ching Bling~Me: Rip Rip Money.
Gaben: Ching Ching Bling~

Simply the cake of first-person shooters. In my head CS is the purest aim-based shooter.

The Counter-Strike series are an absolute classic dating back 12 years and the recipe hasn't changed very much. Why change what is not broken, and Valve realized that and made CS: Global Offensive a modernized and community-driven version of older holy grails like CS 1.6 and CS:Source.

I just had to buy this game for the sake of the good old LAN-party days and the lasting effect CS 1.6 left on me.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

I am very pleased with what Valve managed to do with this game. I never knew it was possible but they managed to make the game compatible with all skill levels, as opposed to something like let's say CS 1.6 in which Get rekt" is the only game mode new players can play.

What surprised me even more is the fact that they kept the classic feeling of older titles in this series. All you have to do is go into the game options and change your crosshair to "Classic" and you're set.

As I expected from Valve's legendarily well-made enginesSimply the cake of first-person shooters. In my head CS is the purest aim-based shooter.

The Counter-Strike series are an absolute classic dating back 12 years and the recipe hasn't changed very much. Why change what is not broken, and Valve realized that and made CS: Global Offensive a modernized and community-driven version of older holy grails like CS 1.6 and CS:Source.

I just had to buy this game for the sake of the good old LAN-party days and the lasting effect CS 1.6 left on me.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

I am very pleased with what Valve managed to do with this game. I never knew it was possible but they managed to make the game compatible with all skill levels, as opposed to something like let's say CS 1.6 in which Get rekt" is the only game mode new players can play.

What surprised me even more is the fact that they kept the classic feeling of older titles in this series. All you have to do is go into the game options and change your crosshair to "Classic" and you're set.

As I expected from Valve's legendarily well-made enginesSimply the cake of first-person shooters. In my head CS is the purest aim-based shooter.

The Counter-Strike series are an absolute classic dating back 12 years and the recipe hasn't changed very much. Why change what is not broken, and Valve realized that and made CS: Global Offensive a modernized and community-driven version of older holy grails like CS 1.6 and CS:Source.

I just had to buy this game for the sake of the good old LAN-party days and the lasting effect CS 1.6 left on me.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

I am very pleased with what Valve managed to do with this game. I never knew it was possible but they managed to make the game compatible with all skill levels, as opposed to something like let's say CS 1.6 in which Get rekt" is the only game mode new players can play.

What surprised me even more is the fact that they kept the classic feeling of older titles in this series. All you have to do is go into the game options and change your crosshair to "Classic" and you're set.

As I expected from Valve's legendarily well-made enginesSimply the cake of first-person shooters. In my head CS is the purest aim-based shooter.

The Counter-Strike series are an absolute classic dating back 12 years and the recipe hasn't changed very much. Why change what is not broken, and Valve realized that and made CS: Global Offensive a modernized and community-driven version of older holy grails like CS 1.6 and CS:Source.

I just had to buy this game for the sake of the good old LAN-party days and the lasting effect CS 1.6 left on me.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

I am very pleased with what Valve managed to do with this game. I never knew it was possible but they managed to make the game compatible with all skill levels, as opposed to something like let's say CS 1.6 in which Get rekt" is the only game mode new players can play.

What surprised me even more is the fact that they kept the classic feeling of older titles in this series. All you have to do is go into the game options and change your crosshair to "Classic" and you're set.

As I expected from Valve's legendarily well-made enginesSimply the cake of first-person shooters. In my head CS is the purest aim-based shooter.

The Counter-Strike series are an absolute classic dating back 12 years and the recipe hasn't changed very much. Why change what is not broken, and Valve realized that and made CS: Global Offensive a modernized and community-driven version of older holy grails like CS 1.6 and CS:Source.

I just had to buy this game for the sake of the good old LAN-party days and the lasting effect CS 1.6 left on me.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

I am very pleased with what Valve managed to do with this game. I never knew it was possible but they managed to make the game compatible with all skill levels, as opposed to something like let's say CS 1.6 in which Get rekt" is the only game mode new players can play.

What surprised me even more is the fact that they kept the classic feeling of older titles in this series. All you have to do is go into the game options and change your crosshair to "Classic" and you're set.

As I expected from Valve's legendarily well-made enginesSimply the cake of first-person shooters. In my head CS is the purest aim-based shooter.

The Counter-Strike series are an absolute classic dating back 12 years and the recipe hasn't changed very much. Why change what is not broken, and Valve realized that and made CS: Global Offensive a modernized and community-driven version of older holy grails like CS 1.6 and CS:Source.

I just had to buy this game for the sake of the good old LAN-party days and the lasting effect CS 1.6 left on me.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

I am very pleased with what Valve managed to do with this game. I never knew it was possible but they managed to make the game compatible with all skill levels, as opposed to something like let's say CS 1.6 in which Get rekt" is the only game mode new players can play.

What surprised me even more is the fact that they kept the classic feeling of older titles in this series. All you have to do is go into the game options and change your crosshair to "Classic" and you're set.

As I expected from Valve's legendarily well-made enginesSimply the cake of first-person shooters. In my head CS is the purest aim-based shooter.

The Counter-Strike series are an absolute classic dating back 12 years and the recipe hasn't changed very much. Why change what is not broken, and Valve realized that and made CS: Global Offensive a modernized and community-driven version of older holy grails like CS 1.6 and CS:Source.

I just had to buy this game for the sake of the good old LAN-party days and the lasting effect CS 1.6 left on me.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

I am very pleased with what Valve managed to do with this game. I never knew it was possible but they managed to make the game compatible with all skill levels, as opposed to something like let's say CS 1.6 in which Get rekt" is the only game mode new players can play.

What surprised me even more is the fact that they kept the classic feeling of older titles in this series. All you have to do is go into the game options and change your crosshair to "Classic" and you're set.

As I expected from Valve's legendarily well-made engines

        ,    .
10/10.        ,    .
10/10.        ,    .
10/10.        ,    .
10/10.        ,    .
10/10.        ,    .
10/10.        ,    .
10/10.

u should play comp with 4 friends to know how good is game :)u should play comp with 4 friends to know how good is game :)u should play comp with 4 friends to know how good is game :)u should play comp with 4 friends to know how good is game :)u should play comp with 4 friends to know how good is game :)u should play comp with 4 friends to know how good is game :)u should play comp with 4 friends to know how good is game :)

The best program for learning Russian at this price on the market!The best program for learning Russian at this price on the market!The best program for learning Russian at this price on the market!The best program for learning Russian at this price on the market!The best program for learning Russian at this price on the market!The best program for learning Russian at this price on the market!The best program for learning Russian at this price on the market!

Best FPS game ever, no Netcode problems no glitches no t
One thing i hope they fix it, that there are too many cheaters in this game :|Best FPS game ever, no Netcode problems no glitches no t
One thing i hope they fix it, that there are too many cheaters in this game :|Best FPS game ever, no Netcode problems no glitches no t
One thing i hope they fix it, that there are too many cheaters in this game :|Best FPS game ever, no Netcode problems no glitches no t
One thing i hope they fix it, that there are too many cheaters in this game :|Best FPS game ever, no Netcode problems no glitches no t
One thing i hope they fix it, that there are too many cheaters in this game :|Best FPS game ever, no Netcode problems no glitches no t
One thing i hope they fix it, that there are too many cheaters in this game :|Best FPS game ever, no Netcode problems no glitches no t
One thing i hope they fix it, that there are too many cheaters in this game :|

hackers , hackers and more hackers.
Everytime the game comes down to $3.74 hacking goes up 10 fold.hackers , hackers and more hackers.
Everytime the game comes down to $3.74 hacking goes up 10 fold.hackers , hackers and more hackers.
Everytime the game comes down to $3.74 hacking goes up 10 fold.hackers , hackers and more hackers.
Everytime the game comes down to $3.74 hacking goes up 10 fold.hackers , hackers and more hackers.
Everytime the game comes down to $3.74 hacking goes up 10 fold.hackers , hackers and more hackers.
Everytime the game comes down to $3.74 hacking goes up 10 fold.hackers , hackers and more hackers.
Everytime the game comes down to $3.74 hacking goes up 10 fold.

aaaaaaa

After several hours in this game, all I can say is that this game has the absolute worst community I have EVER SEEN in my entire life, and worse than Call of Duty's, Battlefield's, PAYDAY 2's, Team Fortress 2's, or Left 4 Dead's.

CS:GO's community is the living embodiment of EVERYTHING that is wrong with the gaming community.

You get insulted by either your teammates or the enemy team for EVERY little thing, on Casual, and ESPECIALLY in Competitive, and you can't mute them either because you have to somehow find some useful information that's buried underneath the childish and immature insults from these manchildren and kids that love talking  because you can't physicallly punch them in the face in real life because of distance.

The virginity, girlfriendless, sexism (I've seen really immature and horny s that prey on girls, and I've also seen stupid, , attention seeking girls on this game as well that bait guys), anti-social, fanboyism, nerdism, sociopathy, childishness, manchildishness, and immaturity are at maximum here in this game.

Then there's these clutch or kick nerds that can't ever give you a ing chance and are constantly pressuring you and cause you to fail, then they put up a votekick against you and kick you out for losing ONE round even though you're most likely leading and carrying the entire team, and winning the match as well, and it's worse if you're in a Competitive match when this happens because of the ing cooldown system, which is another issue with this game. You can even get banned for votekicking too many players or get banned when it's not your fault (say the power goes out or your PC has to restart and are unable to make it back in time, or need to leave the match for something important in real life.) And that  can last up to 1 hour to 7 damn days.

Then there's these rank nerds (honestly the worst part about CS:GO) who love to belittle others (especially towards Silvers) because of their rank as if a ing rank in a VIDEO GAME means something important in real life. If you want a rank that actually means something, then join the ing military or the police, you know, REAL LIFE situations that actually MATTER.

This game isn't very friendly to newcomers of the series either, as they also get insulted for not being good at a game they're NEW to and/or being a Silver rank.

Again, join the ing military or the ing police if a rank matters so  much to you.

And let's not forget Community servers either, which are chock full of power-hungry and abusive badmins (one of the things ruining Battlefield 4), that abuse their admin powers, mute people, slap, damage, kick, and ban people because they think admin powers makes them above human rights. You're not a ing cop, you're an admin of a server that means literally nothing, and I hope you NEVER join the police force despite me saying that you should join them if ranking means so much to you.

And if not for anything, people will always find SOME ing reason to try and  you off because they're too busy being the basement dwelling failures at life that they really are.

Valve clearly doesn't give a  about anything other than milking this game like a ing cow to line dumbass Newell's pockets for his next McDonald's purchase (when honestly, this fatass should instead be getting himself a gym membership), because instead of fixing issues in the game that break it and allowing the game to be modded (like how Source, Condition Zero, and 1.6 could, and those were WAAAAAAAY better games than this horsevomit), they'd rather stick to releasing Operations and crappy knife models, and weapon skins (AKA DLC's) to milk every cent out of CS:GO, which is the very same cancer that's killing off TF2, and I'm surprised they cared enough to fix the ing netcode and hit boxes in this game (which was another major issue plaguing the game for a very long time).

Seriously, look at the ing prices in the Steam community market for CS:GO, and you'll see skins that'll rise up to $400 maximum. Seriously? $400 for a ing Karambit knife spray painted blue with StatTrak?

I literally can do all of that with a Karambit in real life for less than $50, but these CS:GO nerds and fanboys want to draw the supply and demand" card as if this were a real economy and like this  actually mattered as opposed to playing the actual game itself.

This is the absolute worst game Valve has ever producedAfter several hours in this game, all I can say is that this game has the absolute worst community I have EVER SEEN in my entire life, and worse than Call of Duty's, Battlefield's, PAYDAY 2's, Team Fortress 2's, or Left 4 Dead's.

CS:GO's community is the living embodiment of EVERYTHING that is wrong with the gaming community.

You get insulted by either your teammates or the enemy team for EVERY little thing, on Casual, and ESPECIALLY in Competitive, and you can't mute them either because you have to somehow find some useful information that's buried underneath the childish and immature insults from these manchildren and kids that love talking  because you can't physicallly punch them in the face in real life because of distance.

The virginity, girlfriendless, sexism (I've seen really immature and horny s that prey on girls, and I've also seen stupid, , attention seeking girls on this game as well that bait guys), anti-social, fanboyism, nerdism, sociopathy, childishness, manchildishness, and immaturity are at maximum here in this game.

Then there's these clutch or kick nerds that can't ever give you a ing chance and are constantly pressuring you and cause you to fail, then they put up a votekick against you and kick you out for losing ONE round even though you're most likely leading and carrying the entire team, and winning the match as well, and it's worse if you're in a Competitive match when this happens because of the ing cooldown system, which is another issue with this game. You can even get banned for votekicking too many players or get banned when it's not your fault (say the power goes out or your PC has to restart and are unable to make it back in time, or need to leave the match for something important in real life.) And that  can last up to 1 hour to 7 damn days.

Then there's these rank nerds (honestly the worst part about CS:GO) who love to belittle others (especially towards Silvers) because of their rank as if a ing rank in a VIDEO GAME means something important in real life. If you want a rank that actually means something, then join the ing military or the police, you know, REAL LIFE situations that actually MATTER.

This game isn't very friendly to newcomers of the series either, as they also get insulted for not being good at a game they're NEW to and/or being a Silver rank.

Again, join the ing military or the ing police if a rank matters so  much to you.

And let's not forget Community servers either, which are chock full of power-hungry and abusive badmins (one of the things ruining Battlefield 4), that abuse their admin powers, mute people, slap, damage, kick, and ban people because they think admin powers makes them above human rights. You're not a ing cop, you're an admin of a server that means literally nothing, and I hope you NEVER join the police force despite me saying that you should join them if ranking means so much to you.

And if not for anything, people will always find SOME ing reason to try and  you off because they're too busy being the basement dwelling failures at life that they really are.

Valve clearly doesn't give a  about anything other than milking this game like a ing cow to line dumbass Newell's pockets for his next McDonald's purchase (when honestly, this fatass should instead be getting himself a gym membership), because instead of fixing issues in the game that break it and allowing the game to be modded (like how Source, Condition Zero, and 1.6 could, and those were WAAAAAAAY better games than this horsevomit), they'd rather stick to releasing Operations and crappy knife models, and weapon skins (AKA DLC's) to milk every cent out of CS:GO, which is the very same cancer that's killing off TF2, and I'm surprised they cared enough to fix the ing netcode and hit boxes in this game (which was another major issue plaguing the game for a very long time).

Seriously, look at the ing prices in the Steam community market for CS:GO, and you'll see skins that'll rise up to $400 maximum. Seriously? $400 for a ing Karambit knife spray painted blue with StatTrak?

I literally can do all of that with a Karambit in real life for less than $50, but these CS:GO nerds and fanboys want to draw the supply and demand" card as if this were a real economy and like this  actually mattered as opposed to playing the actual game itself.

This is the absolute worst game Valve has ever producedAfter several hours in this game, all I can say is that this game has the absolute worst community I have EVER SEEN in my entire life, and worse than Call of Duty's, Battlefield's, PAYDAY 2's, Team Fortress 2's, or Left 4 Dead's.

CS:GO's community is the living embodiment of EVERYTHING that is wrong with the gaming community.

You get insulted by either your teammates or the enemy team for EVERY little thing, on Casual, and ESPECIALLY in Competitive, and you can't mute them either because you have to somehow find some useful information that's buried underneath the childish and immature insults from these manchildren and kids that love talking  because you can't physicallly punch them in the face in real life because of distance.

The virginity, girlfriendless, sexism (I've seen really immature and horny s that prey on girls, and I've also seen stupid, , attention seeking girls on this game as well that bait guys), anti-social, fanboyism, nerdism, sociopathy, childishness, manchildishness, and immaturity are at maximum here in this game.

Then there's these clutch or kick nerds that can't ever give you a ing chance and are constantly pressuring you and cause you to fail, then they put up a votekick against you and kick you out for losing ONE round even though you're most likely leading and carrying the entire team, and winning the match as well, and it's worse if you're in a Competitive match when this happens because of the ing cooldown system, which is another issue with this game. You can even get banned for votekicking too many players or get banned when it's not your fault (say the power goes out or your PC has to restart and are unable to make it back in time, or need to leave the match for something important in real life.) And that  can last up to 1 hour to 7 damn days.

Then there's these rank nerds (honestly the worst part about CS:GO) who love to belittle others (especially towards Silvers) because of their rank as if a ing rank in a VIDEO GAME means something important in real life. If you want a rank that actually means something, then join the ing military or the police, you know, REAL LIFE situations that actually MATTER.

This game isn't very friendly to newcomers of the series either, as they also get insulted for not being good at a game they're NEW to and/or being a Silver rank.

Again, join the ing military or the ing police if a rank matters so  much to you.

And let's not forget Community servers either, which are chock full of power-hungry and abusive badmins (one of the things ruining Battlefield 4), that abuse their admin powers, mute people, slap, damage, kick, and ban people because they think admin powers makes them above human rights. You're not a ing cop, you're an admin of a server that means literally nothing, and I hope you NEVER join the police force despite me saying that you should join them if ranking means so much to you.

And if not for anything, people will always find SOME ing reason to try and  you off because they're too busy being the basement dwelling failures at life that they really are.

Valve clearly doesn't give a  about anything other than milking this game like a ing cow to line dumbass Newell's pockets for his next McDonald's purchase (when honestly, this fatass should instead be getting himself a gym membership), because instead of fixing issues in the game that break it and allowing the game to be modded (like how Source, Condition Zero, and 1.6 could, and those were WAAAAAAAY better games than this horsevomit), they'd rather stick to releasing Operations and crappy knife models, and weapon skins (AKA DLC's) to milk every cent out of CS:GO, which is the very same cancer that's killing off TF2, and I'm surprised they cared enough to fix the ing netcode and hit boxes in this game (which was another major issue plaguing the game for a very long time).

Seriously, look at the ing prices in the Steam community market for CS:GO, and you'll see skins that'll rise up to $400 maximum. Seriously? $400 for a ing Karambit knife spray painted blue with StatTrak?

I literally can do all of that with a Karambit in real life for less than $50, but these CS:GO nerds and fanboys want to draw the supply and demand" card as if this were a real economy and like this  actually mattered as opposed to playing the actual game itself.

This is the absolute worst game Valve has ever producedAfter several hours in this game, all I can say is that this game has the absolute worst community I have EVER SEEN in my entire life, and worse than Call of Duty's, Battlefield's, PAYDAY 2's, Team Fortress 2's, or Left 4 Dead's.

CS:GO's community is the living embodiment of EVERYTHING that is wrong with the gaming community.

You get insulted by either your teammates or the enemy team for EVERY little thing, on Casual, and ESPECIALLY in Competitive, and you can't mute them either because you have to somehow find some useful information that's buried underneath the childish and immature insults from these manchildren and kids that love talking  because you can't physicallly punch them in the face in real life because of distance.

The virginity, girlfriendless, sexism (I've seen really immature and horny s that prey on girls, and I've also seen stupid, , attention seeking girls on this game as well that bait guys), anti-social, fanboyism, nerdism, sociopathy, childishness, manchildishness, and immaturity are at maximum here in this game.

Then there's these clutch or kick nerds that can't ever give you a ing chance and are constantly pressuring you and cause you to fail, then they put up a votekick against you and kick you out for losing ONE round even though you're most likely leading and carrying the entire team, and winning the match as well, and it's worse if you're in a Competitive match when this happens because of the ing cooldown system, which is another issue with this game. You can even get banned for votekicking too many players or get banned when it's not your fault (say the power goes out or your PC has to restart and are unable to make it back in time, or need to leave the match for something important in real life.) And that  can last up to 1 hour to 7 damn days.

Then there's these rank nerds (honestly the worst part about CS:GO) who love to belittle others (especially towards Silvers) because of their rank as if a ing rank in a VIDEO GAME means something important in real life. If you want a rank that actually means something, then join the ing military or the police, you know, REAL LIFE situations that actually MATTER.

This game isn't very friendly to newcomers of the series either, as they also get insulted for not being good at a game they're NEW to and/or being a Silver rank.

Again, join the ing military or the ing police if a rank matters so  much to you.

And let's not forget Community servers either, which are chock full of power-hungry and abusive badmins (one of the things ruining Battlefield 4), that abuse their admin powers, mute people, slap, damage, kick, and ban people because they think admin powers makes them above human rights. You're not a ing cop, you're an admin of a server that means literally nothing, and I hope you NEVER join the police force despite me saying that you should join them if ranking means so much to you.

And if not for anything, people will always find SOME ing reason to try and  you off because they're too busy being the basement dwelling failures at life that they really are.

Valve clearly doesn't give a  about anything other than milking this game like a ing cow to line dumbass Newell's pockets for his next McDonald's purchase (when honestly, this fatass should instead be getting himself a gym membership), because instead of fixing issues in the game that break it and allowing the game to be modded (like how Source, Condition Zero, and 1.6 could, and those were WAAAAAAAY better games than this horsevomit), they'd rather stick to releasing Operations and crappy knife models, and weapon skins (AKA DLC's) to milk every cent out of CS:GO, which is the very same cancer that's killing off TF2, and I'm surprised they cared enough to fix the ing netcode and hit boxes in this game (which was another major issue plaguing the game for a very long time).

Seriously, look at the ing prices in the Steam community market for CS:GO, and you'll see skins that'll rise up to $400 maximum. Seriously? $400 for a ing Karambit knife spray painted blue with StatTrak?

I literally can do all of that with a Karambit in real life for less than $50, but these CS:GO nerds and fanboys want to draw the supply and demand" card as if this were a real economy and like this  actually mattered as opposed to playing the actual game itself.

This is the absolute worst game Valve has ever producedAfter several hours in this game, all I can say is that this game has the absolute worst community I have EVER SEEN in my entire life, and worse than Call of Duty's, Battlefield's, PAYDAY 2's, Team Fortress 2's, or Left 4 Dead's.

CS:GO's community is the living embodiment of EVERYTHING that is wrong with the gaming community.

You get insulted by either your teammates or the enemy team for EVERY little thing, on Casual, and ESPECIALLY in Competitive, and you can't mute them either because you have to somehow find some useful information that's buried underneath the childish and immature insults from these manchildren and kids that love talking  because you can't physicallly punch them in the face in real life because of distance.

The virginity, girlfriendless, sexism (I've seen really immature and horny s that prey on girls, and I've also seen stupid, , attention seeking girls on this game as well that bait guys), anti-social, fanboyism, nerdism, sociopathy, childishness, manchildishness, and immaturity are at maximum here in this game.

Then there's these clutch or kick nerds that can't ever give you a ing chance and are constantly pressuring you and cause you to fail, then they put up a votekick against you and kick you out for losing ONE round even though you're most likely leading and carrying the entire team, and winning the match as well, and it's worse if you're in a Competitive match when this happens because of the ing cooldown system, which is another issue with this game. You can even get banned for votekicking too many players or get banned when it's not your fault (say the power goes out or your PC has to restart and are unable to make it back in time, or need to leave the match for something important in real life.) And that  can last up to 1 hour to 7 damn days.

Then there's these rank nerds (honestly the worst part about CS:GO) who love to belittle others (especially towards Silvers) because of their rank as if a ing rank in a VIDEO GAME means something important in real life. If you want a rank that actually means something, then join the ing military or the police, you know, REAL LIFE situations that actually MATTER.

This game isn't very friendly to newcomers of the series either, as they also get insulted for not being good at a game they're NEW to and/or being a Silver rank.

Again, join the ing military or the ing police if a rank matters so  much to you.

And let's not forget Community servers either, which are chock full of power-hungry and abusive badmins (one of the things ruining Battlefield 4), that abuse their admin powers, mute people, slap, damage, kick, and ban people because they think admin powers makes them above human rights. You're not a ing cop, you're an admin of a server that means literally nothing, and I hope you NEVER join the police force despite me saying that you should join them if ranking means so much to you.

And if not for anything, people will always find SOME ing reason to try and  you off because they're too busy being the basement dwelling failures at life that they really are.

Valve clearly doesn't give a  about anything other than milking this game like a ing cow to line dumbass Newell's pockets for his next McDonald's purchase (when honestly, this fatass should instead be getting himself a gym membership), because instead of fixing issues in the game that break it and allowing the game to be modded (like how Source, Condition Zero, and 1.6 could, and those were WAAAAAAAY better games than this horsevomit), they'd rather stick to releasing Operations and crappy knife models, and weapon skins (AKA DLC's) to milk every cent out of CS:GO, which is the very same cancer that's killing off TF2, and I'm surprised they cared enough to fix the ing netcode and hit boxes in this game (which was another major issue plaguing the game for a very long time).

Seriously, look at the ing prices in the Steam community market for CS:GO, and you'll see skins that'll rise up to $400 maximum. Seriously? $400 for a ing Karambit knife spray painted blue with StatTrak?

I literally can do all of that with a Karambit in real life for less than $50, but these CS:GO nerds and fanboys want to draw the supply and demand" card as if this were a real economy and like this  actually mattered as opposed to playing the actual game itself.

This is the absolute worst game Valve has ever producedAfter several hours in this game, all I can say is that this game has the absolute worst community I have EVER SEEN in my entire life, and worse than Call of Duty's, Battlefield's, PAYDAY 2's, Team Fortress 2's, or Left 4 Dead's.

CS:GO's community is the living embodiment of EVERYTHING that is wrong with the gaming community.

You get insulted by either your teammates or the enemy team for EVERY little thing, on Casual, and ESPECIALLY in Competitive, and you can't mute them either because you have to somehow find some useful information that's buried underneath the childish and immature insults from these manchildren and kids that love talking  because you can't physicallly punch them in the face in real life because of distance.

The virginity, girlfriendless, sexism (I've seen really immature and horny s that prey on girls, and I've also seen stupid, , attention seeking girls on this game as well that bait guys), anti-social, fanboyism, nerdism, sociopathy, childishness, manchildishness, and immaturity are at maximum here in this game.

Then there's these clutch or kick nerds that can't ever give you a ing chance and are constantly pressuring you and cause you to fail, then they put up a votekick against you and kick you out for losing ONE round even though you're most likely leading and carrying the entire team, and winning the match as well, and it's worse if you're in a Competitive match when this happens because of the ing cooldown system, which is another issue with this game. You can even get banned for votekicking too many players or get banned when it's not your fault (say the power goes out or your PC has to restart and are unable to make it back in time, or need to leave the match for something important in real life.) And that  can last up to 1 hour to 7 damn days.

Then there's these rank nerds (honestly the worst part about CS:GO) who love to belittle others (especially towards Silvers) because of their rank as if a ing rank in a VIDEO GAME means something important in real life. If you want a rank that actually means something, then join the ing military or the police, you know, REAL LIFE situations that actually MATTER.

This game isn't very friendly to newcomers of the series either, as they also get insulted for not being good at a game they're NEW to and/or being a Silver rank.

Again, join the ing military or the ing police if a rank matters so  much to you.

And let's not forget Community servers either, which are chock full of power-hungry and abusive badmins (one of the things ruining Battlefield 4), that abuse their admin powers, mute people, slap, damage, kick, and ban people because they think admin powers makes them above human rights. You're not a ing cop, you're an admin of a server that means literally nothing, and I hope you NEVER join the police force despite me saying that you should join them if ranking means so much to you.

And if not for anything, people will always find SOME ing reason to try and  you off because they're too busy being the basement dwelling failures at life that they really are.

Valve clearly doesn't give a  about anything other than milking this game like a ing cow to line dumbass Newell's pockets for his next McDonald's purchase (when honestly, this fatass should instead be getting himself a gym membership), because instead of fixing issues in the game that break it and allowing the game to be modded (like how Source, Condition Zero, and 1.6 could, and those were WAAAAAAAY better games than this horsevomit), they'd rather stick to releasing Operations and crappy knife models, and weapon skins (AKA DLC's) to milk every cent out of CS:GO, which is the very same cancer that's killing off TF2, and I'm surprised they cared enough to fix the ing netcode and hit boxes in this game (which was another major issue plaguing the game for a very long time).

Seriously, look at the ing prices in the Steam community market for CS:GO, and you'll see skins that'll rise up to $400 maximum. Seriously? $400 for a ing Karambit knife spray painted blue with StatTrak?

I literally can do all of that with a Karambit in real life for less than $50, but these CS:GO nerds and fanboys want to draw the supply and demand" card as if this were a real economy and like this  actually mattered as opposed to playing the actual game itself.

This is the absolute worst game Valve has ever producedAfter several hours in this game, all I can say is that this game has the absolute worst community I have EVER SEEN in my entire life, and worse than Call of Duty's, Battlefield's, PAYDAY 2's, Team Fortress 2's, or Left 4 Dead's.

CS:GO's community is the living embodiment of EVERYTHING that is wrong with the gaming community.

You get insulted by either your teammates or the enemy team for EVERY little thing, on Casual, and ESPECIALLY in Competitive, and you can't mute them either because you have to somehow find some useful information that's buried underneath the childish and immature insults from these manchildren and kids that love talking  because you can't physicallly punch them in the face in real life because of distance.

The virginity, girlfriendless, sexism (I've seen really immature and horny s that prey on girls, and I've also seen stupid, , attention seeking girls on this game as well that bait guys), anti-social, fanboyism, nerdism, sociopathy, childishness, manchildishness, and immaturity are at maximum here in this game.

Then there's these clutch or kick nerds that can't ever give you a ing chance and are constantly pressuring you and cause you to fail, then they put up a votekick against you and kick you out for losing ONE round even though you're most likely leading and carrying the entire team, and winning the match as well, and it's worse if you're in a Competitive match when this happens because of the ing cooldown system, which is another issue with this game. You can even get banned for votekicking too many players or get banned when it's not your fault (say the power goes out or your PC has to restart and are unable to make it back in time, or need to leave the match for something important in real life.) And that  can last up to 1 hour to 7 damn days.

Then there's these rank nerds (honestly the worst part about CS:GO) who love to belittle others (especially towards Silvers) because of their rank as if a ing rank in a VIDEO GAME means something important in real life. If you want a rank that actually means something, then join the ing military or the police, you know, REAL LIFE situations that actually MATTER.

This game isn't very friendly to newcomers of the series either, as they also get insulted for not being good at a game they're NEW to and/or being a Silver rank.

Again, join the ing military or the ing police if a rank matters so  much to you.

And let's not forget Community servers either, which are chock full of power-hungry and abusive badmins (one of the things ruining Battlefield 4), that abuse their admin powers, mute people, slap, damage, kick, and ban people because they think admin powers makes them above human rights. You're not a ing cop, you're an admin of a server that means literally nothing, and I hope you NEVER join the police force despite me saying that you should join them if ranking means so much to you.

And if not for anything, people will always find SOME ing reason to try and  you off because they're too busy being the basement dwelling failures at life that they really are.

Valve clearly doesn't give a  about anything other than milking this game like a ing cow to line dumbass Newell's pockets for his next McDonald's purchase (when honestly, this fatass should instead be getting himself a gym membership), because instead of fixing issues in the game that break it and allowing the game to be modded (like how Source, Condition Zero, and 1.6 could, and those were WAAAAAAAY better games than this horsevomit), they'd rather stick to releasing Operations and crappy knife models, and weapon skins (AKA DLC's) to milk every cent out of CS:GO, which is the very same cancer that's killing off TF2, and I'm surprised they cared enough to fix the ing netcode and hit boxes in this game (which was another major issue plaguing the game for a very long time).

Seriously, look at the ing prices in the Steam community market for CS:GO, and you'll see skins that'll rise up to $400 maximum. Seriously? $400 for a ing Karambit knife spray painted blue with StatTrak?

I literally can do all of that with a Karambit in real life for less than $50, but these CS:GO nerds and fanboys want to draw the supply and demand" card as if this were a real economy and like this  actually mattered as opposed to playing the actual game itself.

This is the absolute worst game Valve has ever produced

I may have not a lot of hours in general, but hey you can judge by seeing my actual review.
Gameplay+ Tutorial, a great addition
+ Solid shooting mechanic's.
+ Many weapon's, pistols,rifle's etc....
+ Great A-i for the bot's, balanced difficulty.
+ Skins, deemmmm skins earn some money boy!
+ Mod support, allow's user-made map's/game-modes.
+ Gun's have bullet-penetrations on wood stuff & such....
+ It's really competitive, the feeling of competition is there.
+ Team-play is a big role here, if you go guns blazing trust me you'll die.
+ Variety of game-modes, & our favorite one's from the earlier CS-games.
+ Balanced earning point's system, & you buy weapons/equipment/grenades. Usual-CS .

- Bad community in general, flaming, unhelpful & more.
- Hit detection has many problem's.....It's not terrible but still...
- Most update's are not properly tested & bring exploits,glitches..unbalances
- Number of Hacker's- Who will just create new accounts or by used ones and so on continue there doing's.

It is so satisfying, the shooting just you'll love it, just simple as it was back in the day, the ol'e points system, great game-modes, ton's of fun to be had ! & the balanced bot difficulty . While the community & hackers is a down-side & the hit-detection to......
Graphics+Design+ Fine graphics,effects, & such.
+ Great sky-boxes for official map's.
+ Well designed map's, many old returns.
+ The interface as well the menu it's good
+ Great,crispy weapon/characters model's.
+ Smooth & crispy animations for everything.
+ Great optimization this game can run on many low-end machine's.

Fine graphics,interface,smooth animations & crispy models for most stuff. Nice maps many good returns & great optimization !
Sounds+Ost+ Crispy,crispy superb gun sound's & around.
+ Enviromental sounds on different maps are fine.
+ Music is also fine, rushy reflecting the game's atmosphere.

Superb gun sounds,fine enviromental sounds, reflecting music.

ConclusionTon's of fun to be had here, the price is also cheap. Just get it if your wanting a addicting multiplayer shooter. While the community is a big down-side other than that all's smooth & fine here.The game also get's updated & on has support.

===================================================================

Join our Giveaway Group and win every month over 2100 Steam Keys (Daily 70 keys) We love to share
Click to join our Giveaway Group!
Click me and follow us as CuratorI may have not a lot of hours in general, but hey you can judge by seeing my actual review.
Gameplay+ Tutorial, a great addition
+ Solid shooting mechanic's.
+ Many weapon's, pistols,rifle's etc....
+ Great A-i for the bot's, balanced difficulty.
+ Skins, deemmmm skins earn some money boy!
+ Mod support, allow's user-made map's/game-modes.
+ Gun's have bullet-penetrations on wood stuff & such....
+ It's really competitive, the feeling of competition is there.
+ Team-play is a big role here, if you go guns blazing trust me you'll die.
+ Variety of game-modes, & our favorite one's from the earlier CS-games.
+ Balanced earning point's system, & you buy weapons/equipment/grenades. Usual-CS .

- Bad community in general, flaming, unhelpful & more.
- Hit detection has many problem's.....It's not terrible but still...
- Most update's are not properly tested & bring exploits,glitches..unbalances
- Number of Hacker's- Who will just create new accounts or by used ones and so on continue there doing's.

It is so satisfying, the shooting just you'll love it, just simple as it was back in the day, the ol'e points system, great game-modes, ton's of fun to be had ! & the balanced bot difficulty . While the community & hackers is a down-side & the hit-detection to......
Graphics+Design+ Fine graphics,effects, & such.
+ Great sky-boxes for official map's.
+ Well designed map's, many old returns.
+ The interface as well the menu it's good
+ Great,crispy weapon/characters model's.
+ Smooth & crispy animations for everything.
+ Great optimization this game can run on many low-end machine's.

Fine graphics,interface,smooth animations & crispy models for most stuff. Nice maps many good returns & great optimization !
Sounds+Ost+ Crispy,crispy superb gun sound's & around.
+ Enviromental sounds on different maps are fine.
+ Music is also fine, rushy reflecting the game's atmosphere.

Superb gun sounds,fine enviromental sounds, reflecting music.

ConclusionTon's of fun to be had here, the price is also cheap. Just get it if your wanting a addicting multiplayer shooter. While the community is a big down-side other than that all's smooth & fine here.The game also get's updated & on has support.

===================================================================

Join our Giveaway Group and win every month over 2100 Steam Keys (Daily 70 keys) We love to share
Click to join our Giveaway Group!
Click me and follow us as CuratorI may have not a lot of hours in general, but hey you can judge by seeing my actual review.
Gameplay+ Tutorial, a great addition
+ Solid shooting mechanic's.
+ Many weapon's, pistols,rifle's etc....
+ Great A-i for the bot's, balanced difficulty.
+ Skins, deemmmm skins earn some money boy!
+ Mod support, allow's user-made map's/game-modes.
+ Gun's have bullet-penetrations on wood stuff & such....
+ It's really competitive, the feeling of competition is there.
+ Team-play is a big role here, if you go guns blazing trust me you'll die.
+ Variety of game-modes, & our favorite one's from the earlier CS-games.
+ Balanced earning point's system, & you buy weapons/equipment/grenades. Usual-CS .

- Bad community in general, flaming, unhelpful & more.
- Hit detection has many problem's.....It's not terrible but still...
- Most update's are not properly tested & bring exploits,glitches..unbalances
- Number of Hacker's- Who will just create new accounts or by used ones and so on continue there doing's.

It is so satisfying, the shooting just you'll love it, just simple as it was back in the day, the ol'e points system, great game-modes, ton's of fun to be had ! & the balanced bot difficulty . While the community & hackers is a down-side & the hit-detection to......
Graphics+Design+ Fine graphics,effects, & such.
+ Great sky-boxes for official map's.
+ Well designed map's, many old returns.
+ The interface as well the menu it's good
+ Great,crispy weapon/characters model's.
+ Smooth & crispy animations for everything.
+ Great optimization this game can run on many low-end machine's.

Fine graphics,interface,smooth animations & crispy models for most stuff. Nice maps many good returns & great optimization !
Sounds+Ost+ Crispy,crispy superb gun sound's & around.
+ Enviromental sounds on different maps are fine.
+ Music is also fine, rushy reflecting the game's atmosphere.

Superb gun sounds,fine enviromental sounds, reflecting music.

ConclusionTon's of fun to be had here, the price is also cheap. Just get it if your wanting a addicting multiplayer shooter. While the community is a big down-side other than that all's smooth & fine here.The game also get's updated & on has support.

===================================================================

Join our Giveaway Group and win every month over 2100 Steam Keys (Daily 70 keys) We love to share
Click to join our Giveaway Group!
Click me and follow us as CuratorI may have not a lot of hours in general, but hey you can judge by seeing my actual review.
Gameplay+ Tutorial, a great addition
+ Solid shooting mechanic's.
+ Many weapon's, pistols,rifle's etc....
+ Great A-i for the bot's, balanced difficulty.
+ Skins, deemmmm skins earn some money boy!
+ Mod support, allow's user-made map's/game-modes.
+ Gun's have bullet-penetrations on wood stuff & such....
+ It's really competitive, the feeling of competition is there.
+ Team-play is a big role here, if you go guns blazing trust me you'll die.
+ Variety of game-modes, & our favorite one's from the earlier CS-games.
+ Balanced earning point's system, & you buy weapons/equipment/grenades. Usual-CS .

- Bad community in general, flaming, unhelpful & more.
- Hit detection has many problem's.....It's not terrible but still...
- Most update's are not properly tested & bring exploits,glitches..unbalances
- Number of Hacker's- Who will just create new accounts or by used ones and so on continue there doing's.

It is so satisfying, the shooting just you'll love it, just simple as it was back in the day, the ol'e points system, great game-modes, ton's of fun to be had ! & the balanced bot difficulty . While the community & hackers is a down-side & the hit-detection to......
Graphics+Design+ Fine graphics,effects, & such.
+ Great sky-boxes for official map's.
+ Well designed map's, many old returns.
+ The interface as well the menu it's good
+ Great,crispy weapon/characters model's.
+ Smooth & crispy animations for everything.
+ Great optimization this game can run on many low-end machine's.

Fine graphics,interface,smooth animations & crispy models for most stuff. Nice maps many good returns & great optimization !
Sounds+Ost+ Crispy,crispy superb gun sound's & around.
+ Enviromental sounds on different maps are fine.
+ Music is also fine, rushy reflecting the game's atmosphere.

Superb gun sounds,fine enviromental sounds, reflecting music.

ConclusionTon's of fun to be had here, the price is also cheap. Just get it if your wanting a addicting multiplayer shooter. While the community is a big down-side other than that all's smooth & fine here.The game also get's updated & on has support.

===================================================================

Join our Giveaway Group and win every month over 2100 Steam Keys (Daily 70 keys) We love to share
Click to join our Giveaway Group!
Click me and follow us as CuratorI may have not a lot of hours in general, but hey you can judge by seeing my actual review.
Gameplay+ Tutorial, a great addition
+ Solid shooting mechanic's.
+ Many weapon's, pistols,rifle's etc....
+ Great A-i for the bot's, balanced difficulty.
+ Skins, deemmmm skins earn some money boy!
+ Mod support, allow's user-made map's/game-modes.
+ Gun's have bullet-penetrations on wood stuff & such....
+ It's really competitive, the feeling of competition is there.
+ Team-play is a big role here, if you go guns blazing trust me you'll die.
+ Variety of game-modes, & our favorite one's from the earlier CS-games.
+ Balanced earning point's system, & you buy weapons/equipment/grenades. Usual-CS .

- Bad community in general, flaming, unhelpful & more.
- Hit detection has many problem's.....It's not terrible but still...
- Most update's are not properly tested & bring exploits,glitches..unbalances
- Number of Hacker's- Who will just create new accounts or by used ones and so on continue there doing's.

It is so satisfying, the shooting just you'll love it, just simple as it was back in the day, the ol'e points system, great game-modes, ton's of fun to be had ! & the balanced bot difficulty . While the community & hackers is a down-side & the hit-detection to......
Graphics+Design+ Fine graphics,effects, & such.
+ Great sky-boxes for official map's.
+ Well designed map's, many old returns.
+ The interface as well the menu it's good
+ Great,crispy weapon/characters model's.
+ Smooth & crispy animations for everything.
+ Great optimization this game can run on many low-end machine's.

Fine graphics,interface,smooth animations & crispy models for most stuff. Nice maps many good returns & great optimization !
Sounds+Ost+ Crispy,crispy superb gun sound's & around.
+ Enviromental sounds on different maps are fine.
+ Music is also fine, rushy reflecting the game's atmosphere.

Superb gun sounds,fine enviromental sounds, reflecting music.

ConclusionTon's of fun to be had here, the price is also cheap. Just get it if your wanting a addicting multiplayer shooter. While the community is a big down-side other than that all's smooth & fine here.The game also get's updated & on has support.

===================================================================

Join our Giveaway Group and win every month over 2100 Steam Keys (Daily 70 keys) We love to share
Click to join our Giveaway Group!
Click me and follow us as CuratorI may have not a lot of hours in general, but hey you can judge by seeing my actual review.
Gameplay+ Tutorial, a great addition
+ Solid shooting mechanic's.
+ Many weapon's, pistols,rifle's etc....
+ Great A-i for the bot's, balanced difficulty.
+ Skins, deemmmm skins earn some money boy!
+ Mod support, allow's user-made map's/game-modes.
+ Gun's have bullet-penetrations on wood stuff & such....
+ It's really competitive, the feeling of competition is there.
+ Team-play is a big role here, if you go guns blazing trust me you'll die.
+ Variety of game-modes, & our favorite one's from the earlier CS-games.
+ Balanced earning point's system, & you buy weapons/equipment/grenades. Usual-CS .

- Bad community in general, flaming, unhelpful & more.
- Hit detection has many problem's.....It's not terrible but still...
- Most update's are not properly tested & bring exploits,glitches..unbalances
- Number of Hacker's- Who will just create new accounts or by used ones and so on continue there doing's.

It is so satisfying, the shooting just you'll love it, just simple as it was back in the day, the ol'e points system, great game-modes, ton's of fun to be had ! & the balanced bot difficulty . While the community & hackers is a down-side & the hit-detection to......
Graphics+Design+ Fine graphics,effects, & such.
+ Great sky-boxes for official map's.
+ Well designed map's, many old returns.
+ The interface as well the menu it's good
+ Great,crispy weapon/characters model's.
+ Smooth & crispy animations for everything.
+ Great optimization this game can run on many low-end machine's.

Fine graphics,interface,smooth animations & crispy models for most stuff. Nice maps many good returns & great optimization !
Sounds+Ost+ Crispy,crispy superb gun sound's & around.
+ Enviromental sounds on different maps are fine.
+ Music is also fine, rushy reflecting the game's atmosphere.

Superb gun sounds,fine enviromental sounds, reflecting music.

ConclusionTon's of fun to be had here, the price is also cheap. Just get it if your wanting a addicting multiplayer shooter. While the community is a big down-side other than that all's smooth & fine here.The game also get's updated & on has support.

===================================================================

Join our Giveaway Group and win every month over 2100 Steam Keys (Daily 70 keys) We love to share
Click to join our Giveaway Group!
Click me and follow us as CuratorI may have not a lot of hours in general, but hey you can judge by seeing my actual review.
Gameplay+ Tutorial, a great addition
+ Solid shooting mechanic's.
+ Many weapon's, pistols,rifle's etc....
+ Great A-i for the bot's, balanced difficulty.
+ Skins, deemmmm skins earn some money boy!
+ Mod support, allow's user-made map's/game-modes.
+ Gun's have bullet-penetrations on wood stuff & such....
+ It's really competitive, the feeling of competition is there.
+ Team-play is a big role here, if you go guns blazing trust me you'll die.
+ Variety of game-modes, & our favorite one's from the earlier CS-games.
+ Balanced earning point's system, & you buy weapons/equipment/grenades. Usual-CS .

- Bad community in general, flaming, unhelpful & more.
- Hit detection has many problem's.....It's not terrible but still...
- Most update's are not properly tested & bring exploits,glitches..unbalances
- Number of Hacker's- Who will just create new accounts or by used ones and so on continue there doing's.

It is so satisfying, the shooting just you'll love it, just simple as it was back in the day, the ol'e points system, great game-modes, ton's of fun to be had ! & the balanced bot difficulty . While the community & hackers is a down-side & the hit-detection to......
Graphics+Design+ Fine graphics,effects, & such.
+ Great sky-boxes for official map's.
+ Well designed map's, many old returns.
+ The interface as well the menu it's good
+ Great,crispy weapon/characters model's.
+ Smooth & crispy animations for everything.
+ Great optimization this game can run on many low-end machine's.

Fine graphics,interface,smooth animations & crispy models for most stuff. Nice maps many good returns & great optimization !
Sounds+Ost+ Crispy,crispy superb gun sound's & around.
+ Enviromental sounds on different maps are fine.
+ Music is also fine, rushy reflecting the game's atmosphere.

Superb gun sounds,fine enviromental sounds, reflecting music.

ConclusionTon's of fun to be had here, the price is also cheap. Just get it if your wanting a addicting multiplayer shooter. While the community is a big down-side other than that all's smooth & fine here.The game also get's updated & on has support.

===================================================================

Join our Giveaway Group and win every month over 2100 Steam Keys (Daily 70 keys) We love to share
Click to join our Giveaway Group!
Click me and follow us as Curator

Get called a hacker simulator 2012.Get called a hacker simulator 2012.Get called a hacker simulator 2012.Get called a hacker simulator 2012.Get called a hacker simulator 2012.Get called a hacker simulator 2012.Get called a hacker simulator 2012.

 Rosetta Stone, I'm using this as my Russian teacher. Rosetta Stone, I'm using this as my Russian teacher. Rosetta Stone, I'm using this as my Russian teacher. Rosetta Stone, I'm using this as my Russian teacher. Rosetta Stone, I'm using this as my Russian teacher. Rosetta Stone, I'm using this as my Russian teacher. Rosetta Stone, I'm using this as my Russian teacher.

I really want to recommend this game. It's a more immersive shooter than any of the Call of Duty series, and the way the game is made requires logical thinking and tactical strategies to win rounds with your teammates. When the game goes well, it's buckets of fun.

Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game to newcomers. There are many reasons for this. First of all, unless you plan to mill around in deathmatch or the other lesser-played game modes (so anything but casual/competitive), you're going to die, a lot. And then you wait. You watch your uncooperative anonymous Russian teammates slowly break apart and lose the rounds in the most ludicrious fashion. If you can stand the game long enough to become half decent at it, you may find that you can often shoot someone in the head, literally tracing the bullet into their cranium, only to see that it doesn't register the hit due to the sub-standard 64 tickrate matchmaking servers and/or your West Country internet connection, thus falling victim to yet another unfair situation. If your internet connection is not the problem, you may try using ESEA or Faceit to play your competitive matches with. So you can pay more to play the game for no benefit other than to escape the crap quality of the standard servers, or faff about on Faceit, waiting for the afk team captains to pick maps, or the other team to cower away during the initial deciding knife round. After a few bad experiences, I've decided that Faceit isn't worth the hassle. Playing competitive also puts you in danger of not only numerous wallhackers, but mainly these things called smurfs. Put the image of the little happy blue creature out of your head: these are the players with a high rank on their first steam account, then make second/third/fourth accounts to play against easier opponents. It's that simple, yet it's infuriating and game-destroying for us lower ranked players. And when you discover this in a competitive game, your only choices are to stay there and endure it, gradually losing your sanity, or take a competitive ban. If you're lucky enough to have decent friends, they may just kick you from the game, sparing you of either choice.

Having played almost 3 solid week's worth of the game in total, I have accumulated a wide friend group who also shares my pain, but we still play together for the social side. This is when I can recommend the game: when you've already played a lot of CS:GO and have many friends that also play the game. If you're new, and have less patience than a special forces marksman, you're going to hate this game. I hope that if you decide to play this game, you can take my advice with a pinch of salt, as I am admittedly easily riled up in the heat of the moment. However, if you too go ape, you only have yourself to blame.

Also, look out for skin collecting. I've been caught by it, it saps a lot of your money, and is literally an addiction. Not a good one like being immersed in a fandom or crack cocaine: one that's ultimately utterly pointless.I really want to recommend this game. It's a more immersive shooter than any of the Call of Duty series, and the way the game is made requires logical thinking and tactical strategies to win rounds with your teammates. When the game goes well, it's buckets of fun.

Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game to newcomers. There are many reasons for this. First of all, unless you plan to mill around in deathmatch or the other lesser-played game modes (so anything but casual/competitive), you're going to die, a lot. And then you wait. You watch your uncooperative anonymous Russian teammates slowly break apart and lose the rounds in the most ludicrious fashion. If you can stand the game long enough to become half decent at it, you may find that you can often shoot someone in the head, literally tracing the bullet into their cranium, only to see that it doesn't register the hit due to the sub-standard 64 tickrate matchmaking servers and/or your West Country internet connection, thus falling victim to yet another unfair situation. If your internet connection is not the problem, you may try using ESEA or Faceit to play your competitive matches with. So you can pay more to play the game for no benefit other than to escape the crap quality of the standard servers, or faff about on Faceit, waiting for the afk team captains to pick maps, or the other team to cower away during the initial deciding knife round. After a few bad experiences, I've decided that Faceit isn't worth the hassle. Playing competitive also puts you in danger of not only numerous wallhackers, but mainly these things called smurfs. Put the image of the little happy blue creature out of your head: these are the players with a high rank on their first steam account, then make second/third/fourth accounts to play against easier opponents. It's that simple, yet it's infuriating and game-destroying for us lower ranked players. And when you discover this in a competitive game, your only choices are to stay there and endure it, gradually losing your sanity, or take a competitive ban. If you're lucky enough to have decent friends, they may just kick you from the game, sparing you of either choice.

Having played almost 3 solid week's worth of the game in total, I have accumulated a wide friend group who also shares my pain, but we still play together for the social side. This is when I can recommend the game: when you've already played a lot of CS:GO and have many friends that also play the game. If you're new, and have less patience than a special forces marksman, you're going to hate this game. I hope that if you decide to play this game, you can take my advice with a pinch of salt, as I am admittedly easily riled up in the heat of the moment. However, if you too go ape, you only have yourself to blame.

Also, look out for skin collecting. I've been caught by it, it saps a lot of your money, and is literally an addiction. Not a good one like being immersed in a fandom or crack cocaine: one that's ultimately utterly pointless.I really want to recommend this game. It's a more immersive shooter than any of the Call of Duty series, and the way the game is made requires logical thinking and tactical strategies to win rounds with your teammates. When the game goes well, it's buckets of fun.

Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game to newcomers. There are many reasons for this. First of all, unless you plan to mill around in deathmatch or the other lesser-played game modes (so anything but casual/competitive), you're going to die, a lot. And then you wait. You watch your uncooperative anonymous Russian teammates slowly break apart and lose the rounds in the most ludicrious fashion. If you can stand the game long enough to become half decent at it, you may find that you can often shoot someone in the head, literally tracing the bullet into their cranium, only to see that it doesn't register the hit due to the sub-standard 64 tickrate matchmaking servers and/or your West Country internet connection, thus falling victim to yet another unfair situation. If your internet connection is not the problem, you may try using ESEA or Faceit to play your competitive matches with. So you can pay more to play the game for no benefit other than to escape the crap quality of the standard servers, or faff about on Faceit, waiting for the afk team captains to pick maps, or the other team to cower away during the initial deciding knife round. After a few bad experiences, I've decided that Faceit isn't worth the hassle. Playing competitive also puts you in danger of not only numerous wallhackers, but mainly these things called smurfs. Put the image of the little happy blue creature out of your head: these are the players with a high rank on their first steam account, then make second/third/fourth accounts to play against easier opponents. It's that simple, yet it's infuriating and game-destroying for us lower ranked players. And when you discover this in a competitive game, your only choices are to stay there and endure it, gradually losing your sanity, or take a competitive ban. If you're lucky enough to have decent friends, they may just kick you from the game, sparing you of either choice.

Having played almost 3 solid week's worth of the game in total, I have accumulated a wide friend group who also shares my pain, but we still play together for the social side. This is when I can recommend the game: when you've already played a lot of CS:GO and have many friends that also play the game. If you're new, and have less patience than a special forces marksman, you're going to hate this game. I hope that if you decide to play this game, you can take my advice with a pinch of salt, as I am admittedly easily riled up in the heat of the moment. However, if you too go ape, you only have yourself to blame.

Also, look out for skin collecting. I've been caught by it, it saps a lot of your money, and is literally an addiction. Not a good one like being immersed in a fandom or crack cocaine: one that's ultimately utterly pointless.I really want to recommend this game. It's a more immersive shooter than any of the Call of Duty series, and the way the game is made requires logical thinking and tactical strategies to win rounds with your teammates. When the game goes well, it's buckets of fun.

Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game to newcomers. There are many reasons for this. First of all, unless you plan to mill around in deathmatch or the other lesser-played game modes (so anything but casual/competitive), you're going to die, a lot. And then you wait. You watch your uncooperative anonymous Russian teammates slowly break apart and lose the rounds in the most ludicrious fashion. If you can stand the game long enough to become half decent at it, you may find that you can often shoot someone in the head, literally tracing the bullet into their cranium, only to see that it doesn't register the hit due to the sub-standard 64 tickrate matchmaking servers and/or your West Country internet connection, thus falling victim to yet another unfair situation. If your internet connection is not the problem, you may try using ESEA or Faceit to play your competitive matches with. So you can pay more to play the game for no benefit other than to escape the crap quality of the standard servers, or faff about on Faceit, waiting for the afk team captains to pick maps, or the other team to cower away during the initial deciding knife round. After a few bad experiences, I've decided that Faceit isn't worth the hassle. Playing competitive also puts you in danger of not only numerous wallhackers, but mainly these things called smurfs. Put the image of the little happy blue creature out of your head: these are the players with a high rank on their first steam account, then make second/third/fourth accounts to play against easier opponents. It's that simple, yet it's infuriating and game-destroying for us lower ranked players. And when you discover this in a competitive game, your only choices are to stay there and endure it, gradually losing your sanity, or take a competitive ban. If you're lucky enough to have decent friends, they may just kick you from the game, sparing you of either choice.

Having played almost 3 solid week's worth of the game in total, I have accumulated a wide friend group who also shares my pain, but we still play together for the social side. This is when I can recommend the game: when you've already played a lot of CS:GO and have many friends that also play the game. If you're new, and have less patience than a special forces marksman, you're going to hate this game. I hope that if you decide to play this game, you can take my advice with a pinch of salt, as I am admittedly easily riled up in the heat of the moment. However, if you too go ape, you only have yourself to blame.

Also, look out for skin collecting. I've been caught by it, it saps a lot of your money, and is literally an addiction. Not a good one like being immersed in a fandom or crack cocaine: one that's ultimately utterly pointless.I really want to recommend this game. It's a more immersive shooter than any of the Call of Duty series, and the way the game is made requires logical thinking and tactical strategies to win rounds with your teammates. When the game goes well, it's buckets of fun.

Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game to newcomers. There are many reasons for this. First of all, unless you plan to mill around in deathmatch or the other lesser-played game modes (so anything but casual/competitive), you're going to die, a lot. And then you wait. You watch your uncooperative anonymous Russian teammates slowly break apart and lose the rounds in the most ludicrious fashion. If you can stand the game long enough to become half decent at it, you may find that you can often shoot someone in the head, literally tracing the bullet into their cranium, only to see that it doesn't register the hit due to the sub-standard 64 tickrate matchmaking servers and/or your West Country internet connection, thus falling victim to yet another unfair situation. If your internet connection is not the problem, you may try using ESEA or Faceit to play your competitive matches with. So you can pay more to play the game for no benefit other than to escape the crap quality of the standard servers, or faff about on Faceit, waiting for the afk team captains to pick maps, or the other team to cower away during the initial deciding knife round. After a few bad experiences, I've decided that Faceit isn't worth the hassle. Playing competitive also puts you in danger of not only numerous wallhackers, but mainly these things called smurfs. Put the image of the little happy blue creature out of your head: these are the players with a high rank on their first steam account, then make second/third/fourth accounts to play against easier opponents. It's that simple, yet it's infuriating and game-destroying for us lower ranked players. And when you discover this in a competitive game, your only choices are to stay there and endure it, gradually losing your sanity, or take a competitive ban. If you're lucky enough to have decent friends, they may just kick you from the game, sparing you of either choice.

Having played almost 3 solid week's worth of the game in total, I have accumulated a wide friend group who also shares my pain, but we still play together for the social side. This is when I can recommend the game: when you've already played a lot of CS:GO and have many friends that also play the game. If you're new, and have less patience than a special forces marksman, you're going to hate this game. I hope that if you decide to play this game, you can take my advice with a pinch of salt, as I am admittedly easily riled up in the heat of the moment. However, if you too go ape, you only have yourself to blame.

Also, look out for skin collecting. I've been caught by it, it saps a lot of your money, and is literally an addiction. Not a good one like being immersed in a fandom or crack cocaine: one that's ultimately utterly pointless.I really want to recommend this game. It's a more immersive shooter than any of the Call of Duty series, and the way the game is made requires logical thinking and tactical strategies to win rounds with your teammates. When the game goes well, it's buckets of fun.

Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game to newcomers. There are many reasons for this. First of all, unless you plan to mill around in deathmatch or the other lesser-played game modes (so anything but casual/competitive), you're going to die, a lot. And then you wait. You watch your uncooperative anonymous Russian teammates slowly break apart and lose the rounds in the most ludicrious fashion. If you can stand the game long enough to become half decent at it, you may find that you can often shoot someone in the head, literally tracing the bullet into their cranium, only to see that it doesn't register the hit due to the sub-standard 64 tickrate matchmaking servers and/or your West Country internet connection, thus falling victim to yet another unfair situation. If your internet connection is not the problem, you may try using ESEA or Faceit to play your competitive matches with. So you can pay more to play the game for no benefit other than to escape the crap quality of the standard servers, or faff about on Faceit, waiting for the afk team captains to pick maps, or the other team to cower away during the initial deciding knife round. After a few bad experiences, I've decided that Faceit isn't worth the hassle. Playing competitive also puts you in danger of not only numerous wallhackers, but mainly these things called smurfs. Put the image of the little happy blue creature out of your head: these are the players with a high rank on their first steam account, then make second/third/fourth accounts to play against easier opponents. It's that simple, yet it's infuriating and game-destroying for us lower ranked players. And when you discover this in a competitive game, your only choices are to stay there and endure it, gradually losing your sanity, or take a competitive ban. If you're lucky enough to have decent friends, they may just kick you from the game, sparing you of either choice.

Having played almost 3 solid week's worth of the game in total, I have accumulated a wide friend group who also shares my pain, but we still play together for the social side. This is when I can recommend the game: when you've already played a lot of CS:GO and have many friends that also play the game. If you're new, and have less patience than a special forces marksman, you're going to hate this game. I hope that if you decide to play this game, you can take my advice with a pinch of salt, as I am admittedly easily riled up in the heat of the moment. However, if you too go ape, you only have yourself to blame.

Also, look out for skin collecting. I've been caught by it, it saps a lot of your money, and is literally an addiction. Not a good one like being immersed in a fandom or crack cocaine: one that's ultimately utterly pointless.I really want to recommend this game. It's a more immersive shooter than any of the Call of Duty series, and the way the game is made requires logical thinking and tactical strategies to win rounds with your teammates. When the game goes well, it's buckets of fun.

Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game to newcomers. There are many reasons for this. First of all, unless you plan to mill around in deathmatch or the other lesser-played game modes (so anything but casual/competitive), you're going to die, a lot. And then you wait. You watch your uncooperative anonymous Russian teammates slowly break apart and lose the rounds in the most ludicrious fashion. If you can stand the game long enough to become half decent at it, you may find that you can often shoot someone in the head, literally tracing the bullet into their cranium, only to see that it doesn't register the hit due to the sub-standard 64 tickrate matchmaking servers and/or your West Country internet connection, thus falling victim to yet another unfair situation. If your internet connection is not the problem, you may try using ESEA or Faceit to play your competitive matches with. So you can pay more to play the game for no benefit other than to escape the crap quality of the standard servers, or faff about on Faceit, waiting for the afk team captains to pick maps, or the other team to cower away during the initial deciding knife round. After a few bad experiences, I've decided that Faceit isn't worth the hassle. Playing competitive also puts you in danger of not only numerous wallhackers, but mainly these things called smurfs. Put the image of the little happy blue creature out of your head: these are the players with a high rank on their first steam account, then make second/third/fourth accounts to play against easier opponents. It's that simple, yet it's infuriating and game-destroying for us lower ranked players. And when you discover this in a competitive game, your only choices are to stay there and endure it, gradually losing your sanity, or take a competitive ban. If you're lucky enough to have decent friends, they may just kick you from the game, sparing you of either choice.

Having played almost 3 solid week's worth of the game in total, I have accumulated a wide friend group who also shares my pain, but we still play together for the social side. This is when I can recommend the game: when you've already played a lot of CS:GO and have many friends that also play the game. If you're new, and have less patience than a special forces marksman, you're going to hate this game. I hope that if you decide to play this game, you can take my advice with a pinch of salt, as I am admittedly easily riled up in the heat of the moment. However, if you too go ape, you only have yourself to blame.

Also, look out for skin collecting. I've been caught by it, it saps a lot of your money, and is literally an addiction. Not a good one like being immersed in a fandom or crack cocaine: one that's ultimately utterly pointless.

I stopped playing this cancer because if how  off I get,funny enough the day I come back they bring out the revolver.That gun has ruined an already bad game gj valve you witsI stopped playing this cancer because if how  off I get,funny enough the day I come back they bring out the revolver.That gun has ruined an already bad game gj valve you witsI stopped playing this cancer because if how  off I get,funny enough the day I come back they bring out the revolver.That gun has ruined an already bad game gj valve you witsI stopped playing this cancer because if how  off I get,funny enough the day I come back they bring out the revolver.That gun has ruined an already bad game gj valve you witsI stopped playing this cancer because if how  off I get,funny enough the day I come back they bring out the revolver.That gun has ruined an already bad game gj valve you witsI stopped playing this cancer because if how  off I get,funny enough the day I come back they bring out the revolver.That gun has ruined an already bad game gj valve you witsI stopped playing this cancer because if how  off I get,funny enough the day I come back they bring out the revolver.That gun has ruined an already bad game gj valve you wits

I simply can't recommend this game to anyone in the sad state that it's in. The developers at Valve don't pay attention or care about the effect of the changes they make. The skill ceiling is getting lower with each passing update, and the most recent one is just plain insulting. An obviously broken revolver that anyone with over 10 hours could see is overpowered still managed to make it through QC, along with an unnecessary nerf to spraying. There's no transparency or communication with the community from Valve. If you care about competition at all, this game isn't for you until the developers get their  together.I simply can't recommend this game to anyone in the sad state that it's in. The developers at Valve don't pay attention or care about the effect of the changes they make. The skill ceiling is getting lower with each passing update, and the most recent one is just plain insulting. An obviously broken revolver that anyone with over 10 hours could see is overpowered still managed to make it through QC, along with an unnecessary nerf to spraying. There's no transparency or communication with the community from Valve. If you care about competition at all, this game isn't for you until the developers get their  together.I simply can't recommend this game to anyone in the sad state that it's in. The developers at Valve don't pay attention or care about the effect of the changes they make. The skill ceiling is getting lower with each passing update, and the most recent one is just plain insulting. An obviously broken revolver that anyone with over 10 hours could see is overpowered still managed to make it through QC, along with an unnecessary nerf to spraying. There's no transparency or communication with the community from Valve. If you care about competition at all, this game isn't for you until the developers get their  together.I simply can't recommend this game to anyone in the sad state that it's in. The developers at Valve don't pay attention or care about the effect of the changes they make. The skill ceiling is getting lower with each passing update, and the most recent one is just plain insulting. An obviously broken revolver that anyone with over 10 hours could see is overpowered still managed to make it through QC, along with an unnecessary nerf to spraying. There's no transparency or communication with the community from Valve. If you care about competition at all, this game isn't for you until the developers get their  together.I simply can't recommend this game to anyone in the sad state that it's in. The developers at Valve don't pay attention or care about the effect of the changes they make. The skill ceiling is getting lower with each passing update, and the most recent one is just plain insulting. An obviously broken revolver that anyone with over 10 hours could see is overpowered still managed to make it through QC, along with an unnecessary nerf to spraying. There's no transparency or communication with the community from Valve. If you care about competition at all, this game isn't for you until the developers get their  together.I simply can't recommend this game to anyone in the sad state that it's in. The developers at Valve don't pay attention or care about the effect of the changes they make. The skill ceiling is getting lower with each passing update, and the most recent one is just plain insulting. An obviously broken revolver that anyone with over 10 hours could see is overpowered still managed to make it through QC, along with an unnecessary nerf to spraying. There's no transparency or communication with the community from Valve. If you care about competition at all, this game isn't for you until the developers get their  together.I simply can't recommend this game to anyone in the sad state that it's in. The developers at Valve don't pay attention or care about the effect of the changes they make. The skill ceiling is getting lower with each passing update, and the most recent one is just plain insulting. An obviously broken revolver that anyone with over 10 hours could see is overpowered still managed to make it through QC, along with an unnecessary nerf to spraying. There's no transparency or communication with the community from Valve. If you care about competition at all, this game isn't for you until the developers get their  together.

Good:
+ Solid competitive FPS with lots of teamwork and strategy
+ Only popular PC game that isn't MOBA garbage

Bad:
- Full of tryhards and constant -talking. Too many people play this game just to rank up and are incapable of having fun.
- Lots of hackers which Valve does a poor job fighting. The worst part is, the prevalance of hackers in this game gives everyone hacker-paranoia" so if you get a few lucky shots you probably end up getting reported.
- The competitive ranking system sucks as it doesn't take personal performance (only team performance) into account. A person's rank is a poor indicator of their skill level because many bad players get "boosted" and many good players get stuck at lower ranks by repeatedly getting matched with idiots. It feels like most competitive matches pit you against either terrible players or ridiculously good players (smurfs/hackers)Good:
+ Solid competitive FPS with lots of teamwork and strategy
+ Only popular PC game that isn't MOBA garbage

Bad:
- Full of tryhards and constant -talking. Too many people play this game just to rank up and are incapable of having fun.
- Lots of hackers which Valve does a poor job fighting. The worst part is, the prevalance of hackers in this game gives everyone hacker-paranoia" so if you get a few lucky shots you probably end up getting reported.
- The competitive ranking system sucks as it doesn't take personal performance (only team performance) into account. A person's rank is a poor indicator of their skill level because many bad players get "boosted" and many good players get stuck at lower ranks by repeatedly getting matched with idiots. It feels like most competitive matches pit you against either terrible players or ridiculously good players (smurfs/hackers)Good:
+ Solid competitive FPS with lots of teamwork and strategy
+ Only popular PC game that isn't MOBA garbage

Bad:
- Full of tryhards and constant -talking. Too many people play this game just to rank up and are incapable of having fun.
- Lots of hackers which Valve does a poor job fighting. The worst part is, the prevalance of hackers in this game gives everyone hacker-paranoia" so if you get a few lucky shots you probably end up getting reported.
- The competitive ranking system sucks as it doesn't take personal performance (only team performance) into account. A person's rank is a poor indicator of their skill level because many bad players get "boosted" and many good players get stuck at lower ranks by repeatedly getting matched with idiots. It feels like most competitive matches pit you against either terrible players or ridiculously good players (smurfs/hackers)Good:
+ Solid competitive FPS with lots of teamwork and strategy
+ Only popular PC game that isn't MOBA garbage

Bad:
- Full of tryhards and constant -talking. Too many people play this game just to rank up and are incapable of having fun.
- Lots of hackers which Valve does a poor job fighting. The worst part is, the prevalance of hackers in this game gives everyone hacker-paranoia" so if you get a few lucky shots you probably end up getting reported.
- The competitive ranking system sucks as it doesn't take personal performance (only team performance) into account. A person's rank is a poor indicator of their skill level because many bad players get "boosted" and many good players get stuck at lower ranks by repeatedly getting matched with idiots. It feels like most competitive matches pit you against either terrible players or ridiculously good players (smurfs/hackers)Good:
+ Solid competitive FPS with lots of teamwork and strategy
+ Only popular PC game that isn't MOBA garbage

Bad:
- Full of tryhards and constant -talking. Too many people play this game just to rank up and are incapable of having fun.
- Lots of hackers which Valve does a poor job fighting. The worst part is, the prevalance of hackers in this game gives everyone hacker-paranoia" so if you get a few lucky shots you probably end up getting reported.
- The competitive ranking system sucks as it doesn't take personal performance (only team performance) into account. A person's rank is a poor indicator of their skill level because many bad players get "boosted" and many good players get stuck at lower ranks by repeatedly getting matched with idiots. It feels like most competitive matches pit you against either terrible players or ridiculously good players (smurfs/hackers)Good:
+ Solid competitive FPS with lots of teamwork and strategy
+ Only popular PC game that isn't MOBA garbage

Bad:
- Full of tryhards and constant -talking. Too many people play this game just to rank up and are incapable of having fun.
- Lots of hackers which Valve does a poor job fighting. The worst part is, the prevalance of hackers in this game gives everyone hacker-paranoia" so if you get a few lucky shots you probably end up getting reported.
- The competitive ranking system sucks as it doesn't take personal performance (only team performance) into account. A person's rank is a poor indicator of their skill level because many bad players get "boosted" and many good players get stuck at lower ranks by repeatedly getting matched with idiots. It feels like most competitive matches pit you against either terrible players or ridiculously good players (smurfs/hackers)Good:
+ Solid competitive FPS with lots of teamwork and strategy
+ Only popular PC game that isn't MOBA garbage

Bad:
- Full of tryhards and constant -talking. Too many people play this game just to rank up and are incapable of having fun.
- Lots of hackers which Valve does a poor job fighting. The worst part is, the prevalance of hackers in this game gives everyone hacker-paranoia" so if you get a few lucky shots you probably end up getting reported.
- The competitive ranking system sucks as it doesn't take personal performance (only team performance) into account. A person's rank is a poor indicator of their skill level because many bad players get "boosted" and many good players get stuck at lower ranks by repeatedly getting matched with idiots. It feels like most competitive matches pit you against either terrible players or ridiculously good players (smurfs/hackers)

Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore, I am a potato.Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore, I am a potato.Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore, I am a potato.Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore, I am a potato.Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore, I am a potato.Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore, I am a potato.Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore, I am a potato.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is certainly an excellent game, the best of the series, with the graphics qualities.

Matchmaking brings a real interest in the game by providing a constant increase in its level and offering games based on its level through the presence of a rank system, it is increasing or decreasing the contrary based on win / loss matches obtained.

The acquisition of different badges and trophies displayed on their profile and the ability to get weekly boxes to receive new skins for its weapons is a complete success and brings a real interest in the game.

In addition, every quarter a new operation allows us to discover completely new maps and fill new goals for a new badge.

Very good game!

Score: 8,5/10Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is certainly an excellent game, the best of the series, with the graphics qualities.

Matchmaking brings a real interest in the game by providing a constant increase in its level and offering games based on its level through the presence of a rank system, it is increasing or decreasing the contrary based on win / loss matches obtained.

The acquisition of different badges and trophies displayed on their profile and the ability to get weekly boxes to receive new skins for its weapons is a complete success and brings a real interest in the game.

In addition, every quarter a new operation allows us to discover completely new maps and fill new goals for a new badge.

Very good game!

Score: 8,5/10Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is certainly an excellent game, the best of the series, with the graphics qualities.

Matchmaking brings a real interest in the game by providing a constant increase in its level and offering games based on its level through the presence of a rank system, it is increasing or decreasing the contrary based on win / loss matches obtained.

The acquisition of different badges and trophies displayed on their profile and the ability to get weekly boxes to receive new skins for its weapons is a complete success and brings a real interest in the game.

In addition, every quarter a new operation allows us to discover completely new maps and fill new goals for a new badge.

Very good game!

Score: 8,5/10Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is certainly an excellent game, the best of the series, with the graphics qualities.

Matchmaking brings a real interest in the game by providing a constant increase in its level and offering games based on its level through the presence of a rank system, it is increasing or decreasing the contrary based on win / loss matches obtained.

The acquisition of different badges and trophies displayed on their profile and the ability to get weekly boxes to receive new skins for its weapons is a complete success and brings a real interest in the game.

In addition, every quarter a new operation allows us to discover completely new maps and fill new goals for a new badge.

Very good game!

Score: 8,5/10Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is certainly an excellent game, the best of the series, with the graphics qualities.

Matchmaking brings a real interest in the game by providing a constant increase in its level and offering games based on its level through the presence of a rank system, it is increasing or decreasing the contrary based on win / loss matches obtained.

The acquisition of different badges and trophies displayed on their profile and the ability to get weekly boxes to receive new skins for its weapons is a complete success and brings a real interest in the game.

In addition, every quarter a new operation allows us to discover completely new maps and fill new goals for a new badge.

Very good game!

Score: 8,5/10Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is certainly an excellent game, the best of the series, with the graphics qualities.

Matchmaking brings a real interest in the game by providing a constant increase in its level and offering games based on its level through the presence of a rank system, it is increasing or decreasing the contrary based on win / loss matches obtained.

The acquisition of different badges and trophies displayed on their profile and the ability to get weekly boxes to receive new skins for its weapons is a complete success and brings a real interest in the game.

In addition, every quarter a new operation allows us to discover completely new maps and fill new goals for a new badge.

Very good game!

Score: 8,5/10Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is certainly an excellent game, the best of the series, with the graphics qualities.

Matchmaking brings a real interest in the game by providing a constant increase in its level and offering games based on its level through the presence of a rank system, it is increasing or decreasing the contrary based on win / loss matches obtained.

The acquisition of different badges and trophies displayed on their profile and the ability to get weekly boxes to receive new skins for its weapons is a complete success and brings a real interest in the game.

In addition, every quarter a new operation allows us to discover completely new maps and fill new goals for a new badge.

Very good game!

Score: 8,5/10

It's modern version of cs 1.6 and I think its more realistic with new design of skins, walls and everything. Its really good game to play with friends. Ranking and competitive game systems are most valuable things in Global offensive. There are achievements for achieve-hunters, arms race (typical gun-game) or demolition mode - so game has everything I wanted.

CS:GO settings is changing all the time, but it will only anger you, so dont care about it just play! :D
Still the best multiplayer FPS.

8.5 /10

Must love that gun.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCCimysCu1gIt's modern version of cs 1.6 and I think its more realistic with new design of skins, walls and everything. Its really good game to play with friends. Ranking and competitive game systems are most valuable things in Global offensive. There are achievements for achieve-hunters, arms race (typical gun-game) or demolition mode - so game has everything I wanted.

CS:GO settings is changing all the time, but it will only anger you, so dont care about it just play! :D
Still the best multiplayer FPS.

8.5 /10

Must love that gun.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCCimysCu1gIt's modern version of cs 1.6 and I think its more realistic with new design of skins, walls and everything. Its really good game to play with friends. Ranking and competitive game systems are most valuable things in Global offensive. There are achievements for achieve-hunters, arms race (typical gun-game) or demolition mode - so game has everything I wanted.

CS:GO settings is changing all the time, but it will only anger you, so dont care about it just play! :D
Still the best multiplayer FPS.

8.5 /10

Must love that gun.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCCimysCu1gIt's modern version of cs 1.6 and I think its more realistic with new design of skins, walls and everything. Its really good game to play with friends. Ranking and competitive game systems are most valuable things in Global offensive. There are achievements for achieve-hunters, arms race (typical gun-game) or demolition mode - so game has everything I wanted.

CS:GO settings is changing all the time, but it will only anger you, so dont care about it just play! :D
Still the best multiplayer FPS.

8.5 /10

Must love that gun.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCCimysCu1gIt's modern version of cs 1.6 and I think its more realistic with new design of skins, walls and everything. Its really good game to play with friends. Ranking and competitive game systems are most valuable things in Global offensive. There are achievements for achieve-hunters, arms race (typical gun-game) or demolition mode - so game has everything I wanted.

CS:GO settings is changing all the time, but it will only anger you, so dont care about it just play! :D
Still the best multiplayer FPS.

8.5 /10

Must love that gun.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCCimysCu1gIt's modern version of cs 1.6 and I think its more realistic with new design of skins, walls and everything. Its really good game to play with friends. Ranking and competitive game systems are most valuable things in Global offensive. There are achievements for achieve-hunters, arms race (typical gun-game) or demolition mode - so game has everything I wanted.

CS:GO settings is changing all the time, but it will only anger you, so dont care about it just play! :D
Still the best multiplayer FPS.

8.5 /10

Must love that gun.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCCimysCu1gIt's modern version of cs 1.6 and I think its more realistic with new design of skins, walls and everything. Its really good game to play with friends. Ranking and competitive game systems are most valuable things in Global offensive. There are achievements for achieve-hunters, arms race (typical gun-game) or demolition mode - so game has everything I wanted.

CS:GO settings is changing all the time, but it will only anger you, so dont care about it just play! :D
Still the best multiplayer FPS.

8.5 /10

Must love that gun.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCCimysCu1g

Got bored of this game after 1 hour.Got bored of this game after 1 hour.Got bored of this game after 1 hour.Got bored of this game after 1 hour.Got bored of this game after 1 hour.Got bored of this game after 1 hour.Got bored of this game after 1 hour.

10/10 best raging russian simulator.
Polish people included.10/10 best raging russian simulator.
Polish people included.10/10 best raging russian simulator.
Polish people included.10/10 best raging russian simulator.
Polish people included.10/10 best raging russian simulator.
Polish people included.10/10 best raging russian simulator.
Polish people included.10/10 best raging russian simulator.
Polish people included.

they blew itthey blew itthey blew itthey blew itthey blew itthey blew itthey blew it

I will teach you like to play this game :
-Connect to server
-Say 
-Take p90
-Buy flash
-Throw it
-Now you flashed your self but enemies too
-Spray and Pray
11/10 This game needs more russians and toxic players .I will teach you like to play this game :
-Connect to server
-Say 
-Take p90
-Buy flash
-Throw it
-Now you flashed your self but enemies too
-Spray and Pray
11/10 This game needs more russians and toxic players .I will teach you like to play this game :
-Connect to server
-Say 
-Take p90
-Buy flash
-Throw it
-Now you flashed your self but enemies too
-Spray and Pray
11/10 This game needs more russians and toxic players .I will teach you like to play this game :
-Connect to server
-Say 
-Take p90
-Buy flash
-Throw it
-Now you flashed your self but enemies too
-Spray and Pray
11/10 This game needs more russians and toxic players .I will teach you like to play this game :
-Connect to server
-Say 
-Take p90
-Buy flash
-Throw it
-Now you flashed your self but enemies too
-Spray and Pray
11/10 This game needs more russians and toxic players .I will teach you like to play this game :
-Connect to server
-Say 
-Take p90
-Buy flash
-Throw it
-Now you flashed your self but enemies too
-Spray and Pray
11/10 This game needs more russians and toxic players .I will teach you like to play this game :
-Connect to server
-Say 
-Take p90
-Buy flash
-Throw it
-Now you flashed your self but enemies too
-Spray and Pray
11/10 This game needs more russians and toxic players .

in  revolver.... too OP..  delete game. Don't buy this in  gamein  revolver.... too OP..  delete game. Don't buy this in  gamein  revolver.... too OP..  delete game. Don't buy this in  gamein  revolver.... too OP..  delete game. Don't buy this in  gamein  revolver.... too OP..  delete game. Don't buy this in  gamein  revolver.... too OP..  delete game. Don't buy this in  gamein  revolver.... too OP..  delete game. Don't buy this in  game

Counter-Strike: GO? More like Counter-Strike GO Buy an AUG.Counter-Strike: GO? More like Counter-Strike GO Buy an AUG.Counter-Strike: GO? More like Counter-Strike GO Buy an AUG.Counter-Strike: GO? More like Counter-Strike GO Buy an AUG.Counter-Strike: GO? More like Counter-Strike GO Buy an AUG.Counter-Strike: GO? More like Counter-Strike GO Buy an AUG.Counter-Strike: GO? More like Counter-Strike GO Buy an AUG.

Counter Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) is an extremely competitive fps game that actually requires skill not like cod...
Most of y'all gon' see people complaining every two second in a Competitive match because of butthurt teammates that get salty once killed... Inb4 rage toggle"
Game would def be recommended to new folks who would love to play an FPS "Which needs time and dedication to be pro"
All i can say is CS took over my life ;=;
See you on casual people to get that rank 3 :^)"Counter Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) is an extremely competitive fps game that actually requires skill not like cod...
Most of y'all gon' see people complaining every two second in a Competitive match because of butthurt teammates that get salty once killed... Inb4 rage toggle"
Game would def be recommended to new folks who would love to play an FPS "Which needs time and dedication to be pro"
All i can say is CS took over my life ;=;
See you on casual people to get that rank 3 :^)"Counter Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) is an extremely competitive fps game that actually requires skill not like cod...
Most of y'all gon' see people complaining every two second in a Competitive match because of butthurt teammates that get salty once killed... Inb4 rage toggle"
Game would def be recommended to new folks who would love to play an FPS "Which needs time and dedication to be pro"
All i can say is CS took over my life ;=;
See you on casual people to get that rank 3 :^)"Counter Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) is an extremely competitive fps game that actually requires skill not like cod...
Most of y'all gon' see people complaining every two second in a Competitive match because of butthurt teammates that get salty once killed... Inb4 rage toggle"
Game would def be recommended to new folks who would love to play an FPS "Which needs time and dedication to be pro"
All i can say is CS took over my life ;=;
See you on casual people to get that rank 3 :^)"Counter Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) is an extremely competitive fps game that actually requires skill not like cod...
Most of y'all gon' see people complaining every two second in a Competitive match because of butthurt teammates that get salty once killed... Inb4 rage toggle"
Game would def be recommended to new folks who would love to play an FPS "Which needs time and dedication to be pro"
All i can say is CS took over my life ;=;
See you on casual people to get that rank 3 :^)"Counter Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) is an extremely competitive fps game that actually requires skill not like cod...
Most of y'all gon' see people complaining every two second in a Competitive match because of butthurt teammates that get salty once killed... Inb4 rage toggle"
Game would def be recommended to new folks who would love to play an FPS "Which needs time and dedication to be pro"
All i can say is CS took over my life ;=;
See you on casual people to get that rank 3 :^)"Counter Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) is an extremely competitive fps game that actually requires skill not like cod...
Most of y'all gon' see people complaining every two second in a Competitive match because of butthurt teammates that get salty once killed... Inb4 rage toggle"
Game would def be recommended to new folks who would love to play an FPS "Which needs time and dedication to be pro"
All i can say is CS took over my life ;=;
See you on casual people to get that rank 3 :^)"

This game is really cool, especially with the Matchmaking system. We can play with the pro conditions with our friends, and it's really cool. If you didn't like competitive, cs:go contains a good community and have a bunch of servers with mods (like zombie, minigames...)

If you didn't already have this game, i have one thing to say: just give it a shot. You will certainly spend a lot of time on it!This game is really cool, especially with the Matchmaking system. We can play with the pro conditions with our friends, and it's really cool. If you didn't like competitive, cs:go contains a good community and have a bunch of servers with mods (like zombie, minigames...)

If you didn't already have this game, i have one thing to say: just give it a shot. You will certainly spend a lot of time on it!This game is really cool, especially with the Matchmaking system. We can play with the pro conditions with our friends, and it's really cool. If you didn't like competitive, cs:go contains a good community and have a bunch of servers with mods (like zombie, minigames...)

If you didn't already have this game, i have one thing to say: just give it a shot. You will certainly spend a lot of time on it!This game is really cool, especially with the Matchmaking system. We can play with the pro conditions with our friends, and it's really cool. If you didn't like competitive, cs:go contains a good community and have a bunch of servers with mods (like zombie, minigames...)

If you didn't already have this game, i have one thing to say: just give it a shot. You will certainly spend a lot of time on it!This game is really cool, especially with the Matchmaking system. We can play with the pro conditions with our friends, and it's really cool. If you didn't like competitive, cs:go contains a good community and have a bunch of servers with mods (like zombie, minigames...)

If you didn't already have this game, i have one thing to say: just give it a shot. You will certainly spend a lot of time on it!This game is really cool, especially with the Matchmaking system. We can play with the pro conditions with our friends, and it's really cool. If you didn't like competitive, cs:go contains a good community and have a bunch of servers with mods (like zombie, minigames...)

If you didn't already have this game, i have one thing to say: just give it a shot. You will certainly spend a lot of time on it!

Counter-Strike makes you work to enjoy the content, and you'll have to put many hours of play into it before enjoying the feeling of conquering it.

Weapons are a huge part of the series too, with CS:GO not an exception. Each round provides a cash sum based on your previous performance, and with this you can purchase armour, projectiles and weapons. Firearms range from standard assault rifles to shotguns and sniper rifles, and you'll want to experiment with each one to see which works best.

What makes Counter-Strike such a popular series - and what will no doubt make CS:GO the next big PC shooter - is the thrill of the ego chase. As you die, often continuously, the frustration is outweighed by an aspiration to do better. In a game where success is pinned on attention to detail, death often triggers an internal failure analysis that the player will mull over while waiting for a new session to load. It becomes a spiral of egging yourself on to do better - and if you become a good player, the game becomes a stage for you to parade your skills.

Global Offensive builds on the CS series by going through a significant checklist presented by its community and marking off as many points as possible. Gun game as its own separate mode? Check. Competitive capabilities built in? Check. Map balancing here and there? Check, check, check.

As a result, there are numerous upgrades that will adjust gameplay while also making accessibility far better. The wide range of grenades, for example, will likely make play more tactical - laying down incendiary grenades will thwart rushes, while decoys, which fake gunfire and fool radar points, are brilliant tools for messing with the minds of established players.

The actual core shooting will be a huge talking point for many months to come. It has been tinkered slightly and gives weapons a noticeably floaty feel, which doesn't sit well to begin with. We eventually found ourselves enamoured by it, and the impact of hits add a real tactile distinction to play.

It's what doesn't work, however, that is most notable. Regular mode has no new maps added to it, while all the new guns seem somewhat cosmetic. Global Offensive has also removed some of its middling weapons such as the MP5, essentially pushing even more players to stick with the AK and the M4. Sometimes it gives the impression that there is in fact less valuable content than in previous CS releases.

If one assumed this was Counter-Strike Source with a visual mod installed, there would often be little to shake that impression.

There's also now a split between casual and competitive servers - however, many players aren't yet aware of the differences, mainly because the distinction isn't made obvious enough. It becomes even more confusing if you join a community server with all hosts of mods installed on it, which have perhaps taken casual mode, turned friendly fire on and essentially made it as close to Source as possible.

At times, arranging games in Competitive Mode feels like a chore. Joining a five-on-five war is simple enough, but attempt to lobby up with a group of friends and join a game, and you'll often hit a snag. Myself and a few others tried to find a competitive game with no luck, simply being told that no servers were currently available.

When you finally do join, it works fine, but the wait and work required to find a game seems like a drawback. We eventually gave up and resorted to using IRC to find matches, as we would with Source.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is not the key evolution point that we were hoping for, and the response from the community often reflects this view. On many occasions, other players used phrases such as same old" to us.

This is elementally Counter-Strike Source with some fine-tuning under the bonnetCounter-Strike makes you work to enjoy the content, and you'll have to put many hours of play into it before enjoying the feeling of conquering it.

Weapons are a huge part of the series too, with CS:GO not an exception. Each round provides a cash sum based on your previous performance, and with this you can purchase armour, projectiles and weapons. Firearms range from standard assault rifles to shotguns and sniper rifles, and you'll want to experiment with each one to see which works best.

What makes Counter-Strike such a popular series - and what will no doubt make CS:GO the next big PC shooter - is the thrill of the ego chase. As you die, often continuously, the frustration is outweighed by an aspiration to do better. In a game where success is pinned on attention to detail, death often triggers an internal failure analysis that the player will mull over while waiting for a new session to load. It becomes a spiral of egging yourself on to do better - and if you become a good player, the game becomes a stage for you to parade your skills.

Global Offensive builds on the CS series by going through a significant checklist presented by its community and marking off as many points as possible. Gun game as its own separate mode? Check. Competitive capabilities built in? Check. Map balancing here and there? Check, check, check.

As a result, there are numerous upgrades that will adjust gameplay while also making accessibility far better. The wide range of grenades, for example, will likely make play more tactical - laying down incendiary grenades will thwart rushes, while decoys, which fake gunfire and fool radar points, are brilliant tools for messing with the minds of established players.

The actual core shooting will be a huge talking point for many months to come. It has been tinkered slightly and gives weapons a noticeably floaty feel, which doesn't sit well to begin with. We eventually found ourselves enamoured by it, and the impact of hits add a real tactile distinction to play.

It's what doesn't work, however, that is most notable. Regular mode has no new maps added to it, while all the new guns seem somewhat cosmetic. Global Offensive has also removed some of its middling weapons such as the MP5, essentially pushing even more players to stick with the AK and the M4. Sometimes it gives the impression that there is in fact less valuable content than in previous CS releases.

If one assumed this was Counter-Strike Source with a visual mod installed, there would often be little to shake that impression.

There's also now a split between casual and competitive servers - however, many players aren't yet aware of the differences, mainly because the distinction isn't made obvious enough. It becomes even more confusing if you join a community server with all hosts of mods installed on it, which have perhaps taken casual mode, turned friendly fire on and essentially made it as close to Source as possible.

At times, arranging games in Competitive Mode feels like a chore. Joining a five-on-five war is simple enough, but attempt to lobby up with a group of friends and join a game, and you'll often hit a snag. Myself and a few others tried to find a competitive game with no luck, simply being told that no servers were currently available.

When you finally do join, it works fine, but the wait and work required to find a game seems like a drawback. We eventually gave up and resorted to using IRC to find matches, as we would with Source.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is not the key evolution point that we were hoping for, and the response from the community often reflects this view. On many occasions, other players used phrases such as same old" to us.

This is elementally Counter-Strike Source with some fine-tuning under the bonnetCounter-Strike makes you work to enjoy the content, and you'll have to put many hours of play into it before enjoying the feeling of conquering it.

Weapons are a huge part of the series too, with CS:GO not an exception. Each round provides a cash sum based on your previous performance, and with this you can purchase armour, projectiles and weapons. Firearms range from standard assault rifles to shotguns and sniper rifles, and you'll want to experiment with each one to see which works best.

What makes Counter-Strike such a popular series - and what will no doubt make CS:GO the next big PC shooter - is the thrill of the ego chase. As you die, often continuously, the frustration is outweighed by an aspiration to do better. In a game where success is pinned on attention to detail, death often triggers an internal failure analysis that the player will mull over while waiting for a new session to load. It becomes a spiral of egging yourself on to do better - and if you become a good player, the game becomes a stage for you to parade your skills.

Global Offensive builds on the CS series by going through a significant checklist presented by its community and marking off as many points as possible. Gun game as its own separate mode? Check. Competitive capabilities built in? Check. Map balancing here and there? Check, check, check.

As a result, there are numerous upgrades that will adjust gameplay while also making accessibility far better. The wide range of grenades, for example, will likely make play more tactical - laying down incendiary grenades will thwart rushes, while decoys, which fake gunfire and fool radar points, are brilliant tools for messing with the minds of established players.

The actual core shooting will be a huge talking point for many months to come. It has been tinkered slightly and gives weapons a noticeably floaty feel, which doesn't sit well to begin with. We eventually found ourselves enamoured by it, and the impact of hits add a real tactile distinction to play.

It's what doesn't work, however, that is most notable. Regular mode has no new maps added to it, while all the new guns seem somewhat cosmetic. Global Offensive has also removed some of its middling weapons such as the MP5, essentially pushing even more players to stick with the AK and the M4. Sometimes it gives the impression that there is in fact less valuable content than in previous CS releases.

If one assumed this was Counter-Strike Source with a visual mod installed, there would often be little to shake that impression.

There's also now a split between casual and competitive servers - however, many players aren't yet aware of the differences, mainly because the distinction isn't made obvious enough. It becomes even more confusing if you join a community server with all hosts of mods installed on it, which have perhaps taken casual mode, turned friendly fire on and essentially made it as close to Source as possible.

At times, arranging games in Competitive Mode feels like a chore. Joining a five-on-five war is simple enough, but attempt to lobby up with a group of friends and join a game, and you'll often hit a snag. Myself and a few others tried to find a competitive game with no luck, simply being told that no servers were currently available.

When you finally do join, it works fine, but the wait and work required to find a game seems like a drawback. We eventually gave up and resorted to using IRC to find matches, as we would with Source.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is not the key evolution point that we were hoping for, and the response from the community often reflects this view. On many occasions, other players used phrases such as same old" to us.

This is elementally Counter-Strike Source with some fine-tuning under the bonnetCounter-Strike makes you work to enjoy the content, and you'll have to put many hours of play into it before enjoying the feeling of conquering it.

Weapons are a huge part of the series too, with CS:GO not an exception. Each round provides a cash sum based on your previous performance, and with this you can purchase armour, projectiles and weapons. Firearms range from standard assault rifles to shotguns and sniper rifles, and you'll want to experiment with each one to see which works best.

What makes Counter-Strike such a popular series - and what will no doubt make CS:GO the next big PC shooter - is the thrill of the ego chase. As you die, often continuously, the frustration is outweighed by an aspiration to do better. In a game where success is pinned on attention to detail, death often triggers an internal failure analysis that the player will mull over while waiting for a new session to load. It becomes a spiral of egging yourself on to do better - and if you become a good player, the game becomes a stage for you to parade your skills.

Global Offensive builds on the CS series by going through a significant checklist presented by its community and marking off as many points as possible. Gun game as its own separate mode? Check. Competitive capabilities built in? Check. Map balancing here and there? Check, check, check.

As a result, there are numerous upgrades that will adjust gameplay while also making accessibility far better. The wide range of grenades, for example, will likely make play more tactical - laying down incendiary grenades will thwart rushes, while decoys, which fake gunfire and fool radar points, are brilliant tools for messing with the minds of established players.

The actual core shooting will be a huge talking point for many months to come. It has been tinkered slightly and gives weapons a noticeably floaty feel, which doesn't sit well to begin with. We eventually found ourselves enamoured by it, and the impact of hits add a real tactile distinction to play.

It's what doesn't work, however, that is most notable. Regular mode has no new maps added to it, while all the new guns seem somewhat cosmetic. Global Offensive has also removed some of its middling weapons such as the MP5, essentially pushing even more players to stick with the AK and the M4. Sometimes it gives the impression that there is in fact less valuable content than in previous CS releases.

If one assumed this was Counter-Strike Source with a visual mod installed, there would often be little to shake that impression.

There's also now a split between casual and competitive servers - however, many players aren't yet aware of the differences, mainly because the distinction isn't made obvious enough. It becomes even more confusing if you join a community server with all hosts of mods installed on it, which have perhaps taken casual mode, turned friendly fire on and essentially made it as close to Source as possible.

At times, arranging games in Competitive Mode feels like a chore. Joining a five-on-five war is simple enough, but attempt to lobby up with a group of friends and join a game, and you'll often hit a snag. Myself and a few others tried to find a competitive game with no luck, simply being told that no servers were currently available.

When you finally do join, it works fine, but the wait and work required to find a game seems like a drawback. We eventually gave up and resorted to using IRC to find matches, as we would with Source.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is not the key evolution point that we were hoping for, and the response from the community often reflects this view. On many occasions, other players used phrases such as same old" to us.

This is elementally Counter-Strike Source with some fine-tuning under the bonnetCounter-Strike makes you work to enjoy the content, and you'll have to put many hours of play into it before enjoying the feeling of conquering it.

Weapons are a huge part of the series too, with CS:GO not an exception. Each round provides a cash sum based on your previous performance, and with this you can purchase armour, projectiles and weapons. Firearms range from standard assault rifles to shotguns and sniper rifles, and you'll want to experiment with each one to see which works best.

What makes Counter-Strike such a popular series - and what will no doubt make CS:GO the next big PC shooter - is the thrill of the ego chase. As you die, often continuously, the frustration is outweighed by an aspiration to do better. In a game where success is pinned on attention to detail, death often triggers an internal failure analysis that the player will mull over while waiting for a new session to load. It becomes a spiral of egging yourself on to do better - and if you become a good player, the game becomes a stage for you to parade your skills.

Global Offensive builds on the CS series by going through a significant checklist presented by its community and marking off as many points as possible. Gun game as its own separate mode? Check. Competitive capabilities built in? Check. Map balancing here and there? Check, check, check.

As a result, there are numerous upgrades that will adjust gameplay while also making accessibility far better. The wide range of grenades, for example, will likely make play more tactical - laying down incendiary grenades will thwart rushes, while decoys, which fake gunfire and fool radar points, are brilliant tools for messing with the minds of established players.

The actual core shooting will be a huge talking point for many months to come. It has been tinkered slightly and gives weapons a noticeably floaty feel, which doesn't sit well to begin with. We eventually found ourselves enamoured by it, and the impact of hits add a real tactile distinction to play.

It's what doesn't work, however, that is most notable. Regular mode has no new maps added to it, while all the new guns seem somewhat cosmetic. Global Offensive has also removed some of its middling weapons such as the MP5, essentially pushing even more players to stick with the AK and the M4. Sometimes it gives the impression that there is in fact less valuable content than in previous CS releases.

If one assumed this was Counter-Strike Source with a visual mod installed, there would often be little to shake that impression.

There's also now a split between casual and competitive servers - however, many players aren't yet aware of the differences, mainly because the distinction isn't made obvious enough. It becomes even more confusing if you join a community server with all hosts of mods installed on it, which have perhaps taken casual mode, turned friendly fire on and essentially made it as close to Source as possible.

At times, arranging games in Competitive Mode feels like a chore. Joining a five-on-five war is simple enough, but attempt to lobby up with a group of friends and join a game, and you'll often hit a snag. Myself and a few others tried to find a competitive game with no luck, simply being told that no servers were currently available.

When you finally do join, it works fine, but the wait and work required to find a game seems like a drawback. We eventually gave up and resorted to using IRC to find matches, as we would with Source.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is not the key evolution point that we were hoping for, and the response from the community often reflects this view. On many occasions, other players used phrases such as same old" to us.

This is elementally Counter-Strike Source with some fine-tuning under the bonnetCounter-Strike makes you work to enjoy the content, and you'll have to put many hours of play into it before enjoying the feeling of conquering it.

Weapons are a huge part of the series too, with CS:GO not an exception. Each round provides a cash sum based on your previous performance, and with this you can purchase armour, projectiles and weapons. Firearms range from standard assault rifles to shotguns and sniper rifles, and you'll want to experiment with each one to see which works best.

What makes Counter-Strike such a popular series - and what will no doubt make CS:GO the next big PC shooter - is the thrill of the ego chase. As you die, often continuously, the frustration is outweighed by an aspiration to do better. In a game where success is pinned on attention to detail, death often triggers an internal failure analysis that the player will mull over while waiting for a new session to load. It becomes a spiral of egging yourself on to do better - and if you become a good player, the game becomes a stage for you to parade your skills.

Global Offensive builds on the CS series by going through a significant checklist presented by its community and marking off as many points as possible. Gun game as its own separate mode? Check. Competitive capabilities built in? Check. Map balancing here and there? Check, check, check.

As a result, there are numerous upgrades that will adjust gameplay while also making accessibility far better. The wide range of grenades, for example, will likely make play more tactical - laying down incendiary grenades will thwart rushes, while decoys, which fake gunfire and fool radar points, are brilliant tools for messing with the minds of established players.

The actual core shooting will be a huge talking point for many months to come. It has been tinkered slightly and gives weapons a noticeably floaty feel, which doesn't sit well to begin with. We eventually found ourselves enamoured by it, and the impact of hits add a real tactile distinction to play.

It's what doesn't work, however, that is most notable. Regular mode has no new maps added to it, while all the new guns seem somewhat cosmetic. Global Offensive has also removed some of its middling weapons such as the MP5, essentially pushing even more players to stick with the AK and the M4. Sometimes it gives the impression that there is in fact less valuable content than in previous CS releases.

If one assumed this was Counter-Strike Source with a visual mod installed, there would often be little to shake that impression.

There's also now a split between casual and competitive servers - however, many players aren't yet aware of the differences, mainly because the distinction isn't made obvious enough. It becomes even more confusing if you join a community server with all hosts of mods installed on it, which have perhaps taken casual mode, turned friendly fire on and essentially made it as close to Source as possible.

At times, arranging games in Competitive Mode feels like a chore. Joining a five-on-five war is simple enough, but attempt to lobby up with a group of friends and join a game, and you'll often hit a snag. Myself and a few others tried to find a competitive game with no luck, simply being told that no servers were currently available.

When you finally do join, it works fine, but the wait and work required to find a game seems like a drawback. We eventually gave up and resorted to using IRC to find matches, as we would with Source.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is not the key evolution point that we were hoping for, and the response from the community often reflects this view. On many occasions, other players used phrases such as same old" to us.

This is elementally Counter-Strike Source with some fine-tuning under the bonnet

Csgo.. man where should i start?

I've been playing this over 1000+ hours and i still play it. Even tho this game has made me to scream swear words, breaking things and almost ended my friendship with my friends.

The game is simple and fun, nice competitive mode that makes you addicted, this game is like heroin.
Also alot of new maps, new guns and playmodes. Now we even got CO-OP missions.
I recommend this game for everyone, its really really good and for me its something more then a game, i dunno what but it is.

Just go and buy it!Csgo.. man where should i start?

I've been playing this over 1000+ hours and i still play it. Even tho this game has made me to scream swear words, breaking things and almost ended my friendship with my friends.

The game is simple and fun, nice competitive mode that makes you addicted, this game is like heroin.
Also alot of new maps, new guns and playmodes. Now we even got CO-OP missions.
I recommend this game for everyone, its really really good and for me its something more then a game, i dunno what but it is.

Just go and buy it!Csgo.. man where should i start?

I've been playing this over 1000+ hours and i still play it. Even tho this game has made me to scream swear words, breaking things and almost ended my friendship with my friends.

The game is simple and fun, nice competitive mode that makes you addicted, this game is like heroin.
Also alot of new maps, new guns and playmodes. Now we even got CO-OP missions.
I recommend this game for everyone, its really really good and for me its something more then a game, i dunno what but it is.

Just go and buy it!Csgo.. man where should i start?

I've been playing this over 1000+ hours and i still play it. Even tho this game has made me to scream swear words, breaking things and almost ended my friendship with my friends.

The game is simple and fun, nice competitive mode that makes you addicted, this game is like heroin.
Also alot of new maps, new guns and playmodes. Now we even got CO-OP missions.
I recommend this game for everyone, its really really good and for me its something more then a game, i dunno what but it is.

Just go and buy it!Csgo.. man where should i start?

I've been playing this over 1000+ hours and i still play it. Even tho this game has made me to scream swear words, breaking things and almost ended my friendship with my friends.

The game is simple and fun, nice competitive mode that makes you addicted, this game is like heroin.
Also alot of new maps, new guns and playmodes. Now we even got CO-OP missions.
I recommend this game for everyone, its really really good and for me its something more then a game, i dunno what but it is.

Just go and buy it!Csgo.. man where should i start?

I've been playing this over 1000+ hours and i still play it. Even tho this game has made me to scream swear words, breaking things and almost ended my friendship with my friends.

The game is simple and fun, nice competitive mode that makes you addicted, this game is like heroin.
Also alot of new maps, new guns and playmodes. Now we even got CO-OP missions.
I recommend this game for everyone, its really really good and for me its something more then a game, i dunno what but it is.

Just go and buy it!

extremely good game since 1999extremely good game since 1999extremely good game since 1999extremely good game since 1999extremely good game since 1999extremely good game since 1999

This game is so uguu.  I play with my friends its full of ha-to and burning passion of nakama.  I like when I get the gun and I shoot with much incredible sniper action.  The p90 is also the most kawaiiest gun I have ever seen and it makes my mune go kyuuuun.

I highly recommend this for tomodachitachis and oniichans that want to have the most tanosi time together with incredible feeling building within nakama.

Highly recommend to buy 'kawaii killer' sticker and dress up your guns like idolmaster game.This game is so uguu.  I play with my friends its full of ha-to and burning passion of nakama.  I like when I get the gun and I shoot with much incredible sniper action.  The p90 is also the most kawaiiest gun I have ever seen and it makes my mune go kyuuuun.

I highly recommend this for tomodachitachis and oniichans that want to have the most tanosi time together with incredible feeling building within nakama.

Highly recommend to buy 'kawaii killer' sticker and dress up your guns like idolmaster game.This game is so uguu.  I play with my friends its full of ha-to and burning passion of nakama.  I like when I get the gun and I shoot with much incredible sniper action.  The p90 is also the most kawaiiest gun I have ever seen and it makes my mune go kyuuuun.

I highly recommend this for tomodachitachis and oniichans that want to have the most tanosi time together with incredible feeling building within nakama.

Highly recommend to buy 'kawaii killer' sticker and dress up your guns like idolmaster game.This game is so uguu.  I play with my friends its full of ha-to and burning passion of nakama.  I like when I get the gun and I shoot with much incredible sniper action.  The p90 is also the most kawaiiest gun I have ever seen and it makes my mune go kyuuuun.

I highly recommend this for tomodachitachis and oniichans that want to have the most tanosi time together with incredible feeling building within nakama.

Highly recommend to buy 'kawaii killer' sticker and dress up your guns like idolmaster game.This game is so uguu.  I play with my friends its full of ha-to and burning passion of nakama.  I like when I get the gun and I shoot with much incredible sniper action.  The p90 is also the most kawaiiest gun I have ever seen and it makes my mune go kyuuuun.

I highly recommend this for tomodachitachis and oniichans that want to have the most tanosi time together with incredible feeling building within nakama.

Highly recommend to buy 'kawaii killer' sticker and dress up your guns like idolmaster game.This game is so uguu.  I play with my friends its full of ha-to and burning passion of nakama.  I like when I get the gun and I shoot with much incredible sniper action.  The p90 is also the most kawaiiest gun I have ever seen and it makes my mune go kyuuuun.

I highly recommend this for tomodachitachis and oniichans that want to have the most tanosi time together with incredible feeling building within nakama.

Highly recommend to buy 'kawaii killer' sticker and dress up your guns like idolmaster game.

DONT BUY THIS 
REVOLVER 1 HIT - KILL LIKE PISTOLDONT BUY THIS 
REVOLVER 1 HIT - KILL LIKE PISTOLDONT BUY THIS 
REVOLVER 1 HIT - KILL LIKE PISTOLDONT BUY THIS 
REVOLVER 1 HIT - KILL LIKE PISTOLDONT BUY THIS 
REVOLVER 1 HIT - KILL LIKE PISTOLDONT BUY THIS 
REVOLVER 1 HIT - KILL LIKE PISTOL

The R8 is the creation bring you kids to work day" at Valve and one of those kids happened to be autistic. To those of you who are freaking out don't worryThe R8 is the creation bring you kids to work day" at Valve and one of those kids happened to be autistic. To those of you who are freaking out don't worryThe R8 is the creation bring you kids to work day" at Valve and one of those kids happened to be autistic. To those of you who are freaking out don't worryThe R8 is the creation bring you kids to work day" at Valve and one of those kids happened to be autistic. To those of you who are freaking out don't worryThe R8 is the creation bring you kids to work day" at Valve and one of those kids happened to be autistic. To those of you who are freaking out don't worryThe R8 is the creation bring you kids to work day" at Valve and one of those kids happened to be autistic. To those of you who are freaking out don't worry

Over 600 hours on CS:GO. Over 13 years playing CS in general. In older versions of CS if you are high skilled you can easily take down 5 low skilled players. In this version you are lucky to get onto the 3rd guy.

Game is all about luck, not skill based like all previous versions of the game. Ranked up to DMG with over 200 wins in competetive and i can say this game should be released as a 5 person COOP. You should only play comp when you have 4 other friends who you know won't troll you, regardless of their skill level its better to have that than random teammates.

The hit reg in this game is absolutely nothing compared to previous versions, due to the low bandwidth allocated to the gaming servers setup by valve.

The skin system is nothing but a huge money grabbing scheme which no doubt has earnt a huge amount more than the game sales alone.

As with all games you can trade in, this one is full of scammers. Constantly, daily trying to scam your high value items from you. Procede with extreme caution when making trades with anyone you don't know.

This game promotes gambling to under 18s with the skin drop system, costing each skin a certain price with a possible return on investment. Gambling sites are regulated and usually offer around 85% return on your gambling in the long run. I believe there is no regulation of this system and there's plenty of 12yr old kids out there throwing away hundreds into this system.

Alot of reviews have complained about cheaters. This isn't such a bad problem nowa days as the overwatch system has taken over VAC in the competetive section of the game, blatent cheaters are caught and banned for 1 year quite quickly and the players that support and judge in this system are to thank.

Overall the game it's self has a great system but just isn't being used to its full potential. Allocate more time and money please valve.

Rating VS previous versions: 3/10
Rating VS other FPS games: 8/10
Community Rating: 3/10
Price rating: 3/10 (Even on sale. This should be F2P with a subscription to comp games with VIP benefits)Over 600 hours on CS:GO. Over 13 years playing CS in general. In older versions of CS if you are high skilled you can easily take down 5 low skilled players. In this version you are lucky to get onto the 3rd guy.

Game is all about luck, not skill based like all previous versions of the game. Ranked up to DMG with over 200 wins in competetive and i can say this game should be released as a 5 person COOP. You should only play comp when you have 4 other friends who you know won't troll you, regardless of their skill level its better to have that than random teammates.

The hit reg in this game is absolutely nothing compared to previous versions, due to the low bandwidth allocated to the gaming servers setup by valve.

The skin system is nothing but a huge money grabbing scheme which no doubt has earnt a huge amount more than the game sales alone.

As with all games you can trade in, this one is full of scammers. Constantly, daily trying to scam your high value items from you. Procede with extreme caution when making trades with anyone you don't know.

This game promotes gambling to under 18s with the skin drop system, costing each skin a certain price with a possible return on investment. Gambling sites are regulated and usually offer around 85% return on your gambling in the long run. I believe there is no regulation of this system and there's plenty of 12yr old kids out there throwing away hundreds into this system.

Alot of reviews have complained about cheaters. This isn't such a bad problem nowa days as the overwatch system has taken over VAC in the competetive section of the game, blatent cheaters are caught and banned for 1 year quite quickly and the players that support and judge in this system are to thank.

Overall the game it's self has a great system but just isn't being used to its full potential. Allocate more time and money please valve.

Rating VS previous versions: 3/10
Rating VS other FPS games: 8/10
Community Rating: 3/10
Price rating: 3/10 (Even on sale. This should be F2P with a subscription to comp games with VIP benefits)Over 600 hours on CS:GO. Over 13 years playing CS in general. In older versions of CS if you are high skilled you can easily take down 5 low skilled players. In this version you are lucky to get onto the 3rd guy.

Game is all about luck, not skill based like all previous versions of the game. Ranked up to DMG with over 200 wins in competetive and i can say this game should be released as a 5 person COOP. You should only play comp when you have 4 other friends who you know won't troll you, regardless of their skill level its better to have that than random teammates.

The hit reg in this game is absolutely nothing compared to previous versions, due to the low bandwidth allocated to the gaming servers setup by valve.

The skin system is nothing but a huge money grabbing scheme which no doubt has earnt a huge amount more than the game sales alone.

As with all games you can trade in, this one is full of scammers. Constantly, daily trying to scam your high value items from you. Procede with extreme caution when making trades with anyone you don't know.

This game promotes gambling to under 18s with the skin drop system, costing each skin a certain price with a possible return on investment. Gambling sites are regulated and usually offer around 85% return on your gambling in the long run. I believe there is no regulation of this system and there's plenty of 12yr old kids out there throwing away hundreds into this system.

Alot of reviews have complained about cheaters. This isn't such a bad problem nowa days as the overwatch system has taken over VAC in the competetive section of the game, blatent cheaters are caught and banned for 1 year quite quickly and the players that support and judge in this system are to thank.

Overall the game it's self has a great system but just isn't being used to its full potential. Allocate more time and money please valve.

Rating VS previous versions: 3/10
Rating VS other FPS games: 8/10
Community Rating: 3/10
Price rating: 3/10 (Even on sale. This should be F2P with a subscription to comp games with VIP benefits)Over 600 hours on CS:GO. Over 13 years playing CS in general. In older versions of CS if you are high skilled you can easily take down 5 low skilled players. In this version you are lucky to get onto the 3rd guy.

Game is all about luck, not skill based like all previous versions of the game. Ranked up to DMG with over 200 wins in competetive and i can say this game should be released as a 5 person COOP. You should only play comp when you have 4 other friends who you know won't troll you, regardless of their skill level its better to have that than random teammates.

The hit reg in this game is absolutely nothing compared to previous versions, due to the low bandwidth allocated to the gaming servers setup by valve.

The skin system is nothing but a huge money grabbing scheme which no doubt has earnt a huge amount more than the game sales alone.

As with all games you can trade in, this one is full of scammers. Constantly, daily trying to scam your high value items from you. Procede with extreme caution when making trades with anyone you don't know.

This game promotes gambling to under 18s with the skin drop system, costing each skin a certain price with a possible return on investment. Gambling sites are regulated and usually offer around 85% return on your gambling in the long run. I believe there is no regulation of this system and there's plenty of 12yr old kids out there throwing away hundreds into this system.

Alot of reviews have complained about cheaters. This isn't such a bad problem nowa days as the overwatch system has taken over VAC in the competetive section of the game, blatent cheaters are caught and banned for 1 year quite quickly and the players that support and judge in this system are to thank.

Overall the game it's self has a great system but just isn't being used to its full potential. Allocate more time and money please valve.

Rating VS previous versions: 3/10
Rating VS other FPS games: 8/10
Community Rating: 3/10
Price rating: 3/10 (Even on sale. This should be F2P with a subscription to comp games with VIP benefits)Over 600 hours on CS:GO. Over 13 years playing CS in general. In older versions of CS if you are high skilled you can easily take down 5 low skilled players. In this version you are lucky to get onto the 3rd guy.

Game is all about luck, not skill based like all previous versions of the game. Ranked up to DMG with over 200 wins in competetive and i can say this game should be released as a 5 person COOP. You should only play comp when you have 4 other friends who you know won't troll you, regardless of their skill level its better to have that than random teammates.

The hit reg in this game is absolutely nothing compared to previous versions, due to the low bandwidth allocated to the gaming servers setup by valve.

The skin system is nothing but a huge money grabbing scheme which no doubt has earnt a huge amount more than the game sales alone.

As with all games you can trade in, this one is full of scammers. Constantly, daily trying to scam your high value items from you. Procede with extreme caution when making trades with anyone you don't know.

This game promotes gambling to under 18s with the skin drop system, costing each skin a certain price with a possible return on investment. Gambling sites are regulated and usually offer around 85% return on your gambling in the long run. I believe there is no regulation of this system and there's plenty of 12yr old kids out there throwing away hundreds into this system.

Alot of reviews have complained about cheaters. This isn't such a bad problem nowa days as the overwatch system has taken over VAC in the competetive section of the game, blatent cheaters are caught and banned for 1 year quite quickly and the players that support and judge in this system are to thank.

Overall the game it's self has a great system but just isn't being used to its full potential. Allocate more time and money please valve.

Rating VS previous versions: 3/10
Rating VS other FPS games: 8/10
Community Rating: 3/10
Price rating: 3/10 (Even on sale. This should be F2P with a subscription to comp games with VIP benefits)Over 600 hours on CS:GO. Over 13 years playing CS in general. In older versions of CS if you are high skilled you can easily take down 5 low skilled players. In this version you are lucky to get onto the 3rd guy.

Game is all about luck, not skill based like all previous versions of the game. Ranked up to DMG with over 200 wins in competetive and i can say this game should be released as a 5 person COOP. You should only play comp when you have 4 other friends who you know won't troll you, regardless of their skill level its better to have that than random teammates.

The hit reg in this game is absolutely nothing compared to previous versions, due to the low bandwidth allocated to the gaming servers setup by valve.

The skin system is nothing but a huge money grabbing scheme which no doubt has earnt a huge amount more than the game sales alone.

As with all games you can trade in, this one is full of scammers. Constantly, daily trying to scam your high value items from you. Procede with extreme caution when making trades with anyone you don't know.

This game promotes gambling to under 18s with the skin drop system, costing each skin a certain price with a possible return on investment. Gambling sites are regulated and usually offer around 85% return on your gambling in the long run. I believe there is no regulation of this system and there's plenty of 12yr old kids out there throwing away hundreds into this system.

Alot of reviews have complained about cheaters. This isn't such a bad problem nowa days as the overwatch system has taken over VAC in the competetive section of the game, blatent cheaters are caught and banned for 1 year quite quickly and the players that support and judge in this system are to thank.

Overall the game it's self has a great system but just isn't being used to its full potential. Allocate more time and money please valve.

Rating VS previous versions: 3/10
Rating VS other FPS games: 8/10
Community Rating: 3/10
Price rating: 3/10 (Even on sale. This should be F2P with a subscription to comp games with VIP benefits)

This state-of-the-art rage simulator immerses you in the front lines of true modern combat. The long-anticipated sequel to the popular Battlefield franchise, this gem features vivid, colorful graphics, a large assortment of carefully balanced weapons and original, never-before-seen maps such as de_dust and de_dust2. As a game of pure skill and strategy, CS:GO also includes a bonus Competitive Mode, where players worldwide can compete against Brazilians. The perfected Matchmaking system will assign new players to a random skill group and match them in a team with and against hackers and hardened Counter-Strike veterans, always resulting in a unique -raping experience. As an added bonus, players with poor internet connection will receive top priority in matchmaking.

Purely for casuals, cripples and the mentally challenged; 10/10.This state-of-the-art rage simulator immerses you in the front lines of true modern combat. The long-anticipated sequel to the popular Battlefield franchise, this gem features vivid, colorful graphics, a large assortment of carefully balanced weapons and original, never-before-seen maps such as de_dust and de_dust2. As a game of pure skill and strategy, CS:GO also includes a bonus Competitive Mode, where players worldwide can compete against Brazilians. The perfected Matchmaking system will assign new players to a random skill group and match them in a team with and against hackers and hardened Counter-Strike veterans, always resulting in a unique -raping experience. As an added bonus, players with poor internet connection will receive top priority in matchmaking.

Purely for casuals, cripples and the mentally challenged; 10/10.This state-of-the-art rage simulator immerses you in the front lines of true modern combat. The long-anticipated sequel to the popular Battlefield franchise, this gem features vivid, colorful graphics, a large assortment of carefully balanced weapons and original, never-before-seen maps such as de_dust and de_dust2. As a game of pure skill and strategy, CS:GO also includes a bonus Competitive Mode, where players worldwide can compete against Brazilians. The perfected Matchmaking system will assign new players to a random skill group and match them in a team with and against hackers and hardened Counter-Strike veterans, always resulting in a unique -raping experience. As an added bonus, players with poor internet connection will receive top priority in matchmaking.

Purely for casuals, cripples and the mentally challenged; 10/10.This state-of-the-art rage simulator immerses you in the front lines of true modern combat. The long-anticipated sequel to the popular Battlefield franchise, this gem features vivid, colorful graphics, a large assortment of carefully balanced weapons and original, never-before-seen maps such as de_dust and de_dust2. As a game of pure skill and strategy, CS:GO also includes a bonus Competitive Mode, where players worldwide can compete against Brazilians. The perfected Matchmaking system will assign new players to a random skill group and match them in a team with and against hackers and hardened Counter-Strike veterans, always resulting in a unique -raping experience. As an added bonus, players with poor internet connection will receive top priority in matchmaking.

Purely for casuals, cripples and the mentally challenged; 10/10.This state-of-the-art rage simulator immerses you in the front lines of true modern combat. The long-anticipated sequel to the popular Battlefield franchise, this gem features vivid, colorful graphics, a large assortment of carefully balanced weapons and original, never-before-seen maps such as de_dust and de_dust2. As a game of pure skill and strategy, CS:GO also includes a bonus Competitive Mode, where players worldwide can compete against Brazilians. The perfected Matchmaking system will assign new players to a random skill group and match them in a team with and against hackers and hardened Counter-Strike veterans, always resulting in a unique -raping experience. As an added bonus, players with poor internet connection will receive top priority in matchmaking.

Purely for casuals, cripples and the mentally challenged; 10/10.This state-of-the-art rage simulator immerses you in the front lines of true modern combat. The long-anticipated sequel to the popular Battlefield franchise, this gem features vivid, colorful graphics, a large assortment of carefully balanced weapons and original, never-before-seen maps such as de_dust and de_dust2. As a game of pure skill and strategy, CS:GO also includes a bonus Competitive Mode, where players worldwide can compete against Brazilians. The perfected Matchmaking system will assign new players to a random skill group and match them in a team with and against hackers and hardened Counter-Strike veterans, always resulting in a unique -raping experience. As an added bonus, players with poor internet connection will receive top priority in matchmaking.

Purely for casuals, cripples and the mentally challenged; 10/10.

I've only played this game for 2 hours and the friendly community has already begun to teach me russian greetings such as c" and "blyat""I've only played this game for 2 hours and the friendly community has already begun to teach me russian greetings such as c" and "blyat""I've only played this game for 2 hours and the friendly community has already begun to teach me russian greetings such as c" and "blyat""I've only played this game for 2 hours and the friendly community has already begun to teach me russian greetings such as c" and "blyat""I've only played this game for 2 hours and the friendly community has already begun to teach me russian greetings such as c" and "blyat""I've only played this game for 2 hours and the friendly community has already begun to teach me russian greetings such as c" and "blyat""

Please Valve, fix the Revolver.
On behalf of the whole CS:GO community, have my dislike.Please Valve, fix the Revolver.
On behalf of the whole CS:GO community, have my dislike.Please Valve, fix the Revolver.
On behalf of the whole CS:GO community, have my dislike.Please Valve, fix the Revolver.
On behalf of the whole CS:GO community, have my dislike.Please Valve, fix the Revolver.
On behalf of the whole CS:GO community, have my dislike.Please Valve, fix the Revolver.
On behalf of the whole CS:GO community, have my dislike.

Ruined the game with the new update. Please, revert it or at least nerf the revolver. PLAYTEST THE GAME BEFORE YOU RELEASE AN UPDATE. PREPARE FOR THE TORM!!Ruined the game with the new update. Please, revert it or at least nerf the revolver. PLAYTEST THE GAME BEFORE YOU RELEASE AN UPDATE. PREPARE FOR THE TORM!!Ruined the game with the new update. Please, revert it or at least nerf the revolver. PLAYTEST THE GAME BEFORE YOU RELEASE AN UPDATE. PREPARE FOR THE TORM!!Ruined the game with the new update. Please, revert it or at least nerf the revolver. PLAYTEST THE GAME BEFORE YOU RELEASE AN UPDATE. PREPARE FOR THE TORM!!Ruined the game with the new update. Please, revert it or at least nerf the revolver. PLAYTEST THE GAME BEFORE YOU RELEASE AN UPDATE. PREPARE FOR THE TORM!!Ruined the game with the new update. Please, revert it or at least nerf the revolver. PLAYTEST THE GAME BEFORE YOU RELEASE AN UPDATE. PREPARE FOR THE TORM!!

Make fu*king separate servers for russian c*nts please!Make fu*king separate servers for russian c*nts please!Make fu*king separate servers for russian c*nts please!Make fu*king separate servers for russian c*nts please!Make fu*king separate servers for russian c*nts please!Make fu*king separate servers for russian c*nts please!

if you want to waste time and possibly money, play this broken game.if you want to waste time and possibly money, play this broken game.if you want to waste time and possibly money, play this broken game.if you want to waste time and possibly money, play this broken game.if you want to waste time and possibly money, play this broken game.if you want to waste time and possibly money, play this broken game.

hey my name is brian,  this game!hey my name is brian,  this game!hey my name is brian,  this game!hey my name is brian,  this game!hey my name is brian,  this game!hey my name is brian,  this game!

I must recommend this game, it is my duty as one who has spent 1600 hours on CSS (from xFire) and 500+ hours on CSGO. I played non-stop competitive CS:Source in regional championships, LANs, and online leagues; and won 4 regional championships with some LAN placings. Here's what I have to say about GO...

CSGO is awesome, Valve delivered here in the end. When it was released, yeah, it wasn't anything special, just a pretty CS:Source. But now we have amazing gun skins, stickers, awesome knives, intense major tournaments, souvenir packages, bracket prediction challenges, seasonal operations with extra maps and challenges for even more drops, etc.

It's awesome, it's a great game to be a part of.

Matchmaking and rated matchmaking based personal ELO rankings is a sweet way to keep competitive games close. It can never be perfect, but back in Source you had to wait in an IRC channel with a looped message playing until someone finally answered your loop and then it took them 20 minutes to get 5 in the server, etc. Basically with CS:Source whether you were trying to ring or you had your team it took between 20-60 minutes to get a scrim. Now it takes about 5. So, the fact that people still complain about it is beyond me.

Game play wise, each CS as I know them (1.6, Source, GO) has been different beasts in terms of mechanics and recoil control. Lots of little things that made or broke you as a player in these games, but recoil control is one of the biggest. You often hear people scream deathmatch deathmatch deathmatch, that's the only way to get better. Well, quick point, how can you DM to practice when you don't know what your practicing? Best thing to do to understand the recoil patterns is load an offline game, kick the bots, and shoot at walls. Seriously. Shoot and spray at walls with various guns at various ranges with various movement patterns, that's the best way to understand how to control and use various guns. You need to understand each guns grouping patterns first before you can practice controlling them!

About the community, yes, the flamers and trolls are alive and well. But here's the thing, I've been around CS a long time, I've won 4 regional championships with CS:Source, and really it never bothered me that sometimes the flamers are all you hear. Here's why. Once you play enough games (competitive or otherwise) you'll hear the same kind of person, it'll sound like this.. you guys suck, why are you even playing this game? or something similar if they are beating you. It sounds like this, you're such a hacker, it's so obvious when you beat them. The fact that people are so binary in their mentality amuses me personally, so I carry that over to CS flamers as well. Some people like to pretend they are perfect at the game, and everyone else around them is inferior, yet if you beat them you must be a hacker. It just sounds so stupid to even talk about it but seriously this is how a lot of people are about the game. Just don't let it get to you, there's no point. Don't even engage. And you wont have many problems.

It's not the easiest game to pick up right off the bat. Spray at feet, get headshot is a notorious saying from outsiders about CS games, because CS can be amazingly random sometimes. And the round-by-round economy, buying guns and items every round, and recoil patterns make it a steep learning curve. But if you understand the groupings (I said how to above), read guides about strategy (like economy management, game flow), and just get in there and start playing you will see why people just can't stop playing this game!

Counter-Strike was the world's original eSport. After the Championship Gaming Series went down the CS1.6 and CS:Source attention did as well, games like StarCraft and DOTA took to the forefront of competitive eSports soon after. But with the cases, skins, and major tournaments Valve and the CS community have turned CS:GO back into one of the world's premiere eSports and there's many, many reasons why it's succeeding. As I say, it's a very exciting game to be a part of right now.I must recommend this game, it is my duty as one who has spent 1600 hours on CSS (from xFire) and 500+ hours on CSGO. I played non-stop competitive CS:Source in regional championships, LANs, and online leagues; and won 4 regional championships with some LAN placings. Here's what I have to say about GO...

CSGO is awesome, Valve delivered here in the end. When it was released, yeah, it wasn't anything special, just a pretty CS:Source. But now we have amazing gun skins, stickers, awesome knives, intense major tournaments, souvenir packages, bracket prediction challenges, seasonal operations with extra maps and challenges for even more drops, etc.

It's awesome, it's a great game to be a part of.

Matchmaking and rated matchmaking based personal ELO rankings is a sweet way to keep competitive games close. It can never be perfect, but back in Source you had to wait in an IRC channel with a looped message playing until someone finally answered your loop and then it took them 20 minutes to get 5 in the server, etc. Basically with CS:Source whether you were trying to ring or you had your team it took between 20-60 minutes to get a scrim. Now it takes about 5. So, the fact that people still complain about it is beyond me.

Game play wise, each CS as I know them (1.6, Source, GO) has been different beasts in terms of mechanics and recoil control. Lots of little things that made or broke you as a player in these games, but recoil control is one of the biggest. You often hear people scream deathmatch deathmatch deathmatch, that's the only way to get better. Well, quick point, how can you DM to practice when you don't know what your practicing? Best thing to do to understand the recoil patterns is load an offline game, kick the bots, and shoot at walls. Seriously. Shoot and spray at walls with various guns at various ranges with various movement patterns, that's the best way to understand how to control and use various guns. You need to understand each guns grouping patterns first before you can practice controlling them!

About the community, yes, the flamers and trolls are alive and well. But here's the thing, I've been around CS a long time, I've won 4 regional championships with CS:Source, and really it never bothered me that sometimes the flamers are all you hear. Here's why. Once you play enough games (competitive or otherwise) you'll hear the same kind of person, it'll sound like this.. you guys suck, why are you even playing this game? or something similar if they are beating you. It sounds like this, you're such a hacker, it's so obvious when you beat them. The fact that people are so binary in their mentality amuses me personally, so I carry that over to CS flamers as well. Some people like to pretend they are perfect at the game, and everyone else around them is inferior, yet if you beat them you must be a hacker. It just sounds so stupid to even talk about it but seriously this is how a lot of people are about the game. Just don't let it get to you, there's no point. Don't even engage. And you wont have many problems.

It's not the easiest game to pick up right off the bat. Spray at feet, get headshot is a notorious saying from outsiders about CS games, because CS can be amazingly random sometimes. And the round-by-round economy, buying guns and items every round, and recoil patterns make it a steep learning curve. But if you understand the groupings (I said how to above), read guides about strategy (like economy management, game flow), and just get in there and start playing you will see why people just can't stop playing this game!

Counter-Strike was the world's original eSport. After the Championship Gaming Series went down the CS1.6 and CS:Source attention did as well, games like StarCraft and DOTA took to the forefront of competitive eSports soon after. But with the cases, skins, and major tournaments Valve and the CS community have turned CS:GO back into one of the world's premiere eSports and there's many, many reasons why it's succeeding. As I say, it's a very exciting game to be a part of right now.I must recommend this game, it is my duty as one who has spent 1600 hours on CSS (from xFire) and 500+ hours on CSGO. I played non-stop competitive CS:Source in regional championships, LANs, and online leagues; and won 4 regional championships with some LAN placings. Here's what I have to say about GO...

CSGO is awesome, Valve delivered here in the end. When it was released, yeah, it wasn't anything special, just a pretty CS:Source. But now we have amazing gun skins, stickers, awesome knives, intense major tournaments, souvenir packages, bracket prediction challenges, seasonal operations with extra maps and challenges for even more drops, etc.

It's awesome, it's a great game to be a part of.

Matchmaking and rated matchmaking based personal ELO rankings is a sweet way to keep competitive games close. It can never be perfect, but back in Source you had to wait in an IRC channel with a looped message playing until someone finally answered your loop and then it took them 20 minutes to get 5 in the server, etc. Basically with CS:Source whether you were trying to ring or you had your team it took between 20-60 minutes to get a scrim. Now it takes about 5. So, the fact that people still complain about it is beyond me.

Game play wise, each CS as I know them (1.6, Source, GO) has been different beasts in terms of mechanics and recoil control. Lots of little things that made or broke you as a player in these games, but recoil control is one of the biggest. You often hear people scream deathmatch deathmatch deathmatch, that's the only way to get better. Well, quick point, how can you DM to practice when you don't know what your practicing? Best thing to do to understand the recoil patterns is load an offline game, kick the bots, and shoot at walls. Seriously. Shoot and spray at walls with various guns at various ranges with various movement patterns, that's the best way to understand how to control and use various guns. You need to understand each guns grouping patterns first before you can practice controlling them!

About the community, yes, the flamers and trolls are alive and well. But here's the thing, I've been around CS a long time, I've won 4 regional championships with CS:Source, and really it never bothered me that sometimes the flamers are all you hear. Here's why. Once you play enough games (competitive or otherwise) you'll hear the same kind of person, it'll sound like this.. you guys suck, why are you even playing this game? or something similar if they are beating you. It sounds like this, you're such a hacker, it's so obvious when you beat them. The fact that people are so binary in their mentality amuses me personally, so I carry that over to CS flamers as well. Some people like to pretend they are perfect at the game, and everyone else around them is inferior, yet if you beat them you must be a hacker. It just sounds so stupid to even talk about it but seriously this is how a lot of people are about the game. Just don't let it get to you, there's no point. Don't even engage. And you wont have many problems.

It's not the easiest game to pick up right off the bat. Spray at feet, get headshot is a notorious saying from outsiders about CS games, because CS can be amazingly random sometimes. And the round-by-round economy, buying guns and items every round, and recoil patterns make it a steep learning curve. But if you understand the groupings (I said how to above), read guides about strategy (like economy management, game flow), and just get in there and start playing you will see why people just can't stop playing this game!

Counter-Strike was the world's original eSport. After the Championship Gaming Series went down the CS1.6 and CS:Source attention did as well, games like StarCraft and DOTA took to the forefront of competitive eSports soon after. But with the cases, skins, and major tournaments Valve and the CS community have turned CS:GO back into one of the world's premiere eSports and there's many, many reasons why it's succeeding. As I say, it's a very exciting game to be a part of right now.I must recommend this game, it is my duty as one who has spent 1600 hours on CSS (from xFire) and 500+ hours on CSGO. I played non-stop competitive CS:Source in regional championships, LANs, and online leagues; and won 4 regional championships with some LAN placings. Here's what I have to say about GO...

CSGO is awesome, Valve delivered here in the end. When it was released, yeah, it wasn't anything special, just a pretty CS:Source. But now we have amazing gun skins, stickers, awesome knives, intense major tournaments, souvenir packages, bracket prediction challenges, seasonal operations with extra maps and challenges for even more drops, etc.

It's awesome, it's a great game to be a part of.

Matchmaking and rated matchmaking based personal ELO rankings is a sweet way to keep competitive games close. It can never be perfect, but back in Source you had to wait in an IRC channel with a looped message playing until someone finally answered your loop and then it took them 20 minutes to get 5 in the server, etc. Basically with CS:Source whether you were trying to ring or you had your team it took between 20-60 minutes to get a scrim. Now it takes about 5. So, the fact that people still complain about it is beyond me.

Game play wise, each CS as I know them (1.6, Source, GO) has been different beasts in terms of mechanics and recoil control. Lots of little things that made or broke you as a player in these games, but recoil control is one of the biggest. You often hear people scream deathmatch deathmatch deathmatch, that's the only way to get better. Well, quick point, how can you DM to practice when you don't know what your practicing? Best thing to do to understand the recoil patterns is load an offline game, kick the bots, and shoot at walls. Seriously. Shoot and spray at walls with various guns at various ranges with various movement patterns, that's the best way to understand how to control and use various guns. You need to understand each guns grouping patterns first before you can practice controlling them!

About the community, yes, the flamers and trolls are alive and well. But here's the thing, I've been around CS a long time, I've won 4 regional championships with CS:Source, and really it never bothered me that sometimes the flamers are all you hear. Here's why. Once you play enough games (competitive or otherwise) you'll hear the same kind of person, it'll sound like this.. you guys suck, why are you even playing this game? or something similar if they are beating you. It sounds like this, you're such a hacker, it's so obvious when you beat them. The fact that people are so binary in their mentality amuses me personally, so I carry that over to CS flamers as well. Some people like to pretend they are perfect at the game, and everyone else around them is inferior, yet if you beat them you must be a hacker. It just sounds so stupid to even talk about it but seriously this is how a lot of people are about the game. Just don't let it get to you, there's no point. Don't even engage. And you wont have many problems.

It's not the easiest game to pick up right off the bat. Spray at feet, get headshot is a notorious saying from outsiders about CS games, because CS can be amazingly random sometimes. And the round-by-round economy, buying guns and items every round, and recoil patterns make it a steep learning curve. But if you understand the groupings (I said how to above), read guides about strategy (like economy management, game flow), and just get in there and start playing you will see why people just can't stop playing this game!

Counter-Strike was the world's original eSport. After the Championship Gaming Series went down the CS1.6 and CS:Source attention did as well, games like StarCraft and DOTA took to the forefront of competitive eSports soon after. But with the cases, skins, and major tournaments Valve and the CS community have turned CS:GO back into one of the world's premiere eSports and there's many, many reasons why it's succeeding. As I say, it's a very exciting game to be a part of right now.I must recommend this game, it is my duty as one who has spent 1600 hours on CSS (from xFire) and 500+ hours on CSGO. I played non-stop competitive CS:Source in regional championships, LANs, and online leagues; and won 4 regional championships with some LAN placings. Here's what I have to say about GO...

CSGO is awesome, Valve delivered here in the end. When it was released, yeah, it wasn't anything special, just a pretty CS:Source. But now we have amazing gun skins, stickers, awesome knives, intense major tournaments, souvenir packages, bracket prediction challenges, seasonal operations with extra maps and challenges for even more drops, etc.

It's awesome, it's a great game to be a part of.

Matchmaking and rated matchmaking based personal ELO rankings is a sweet way to keep competitive games close. It can never be perfect, but back in Source you had to wait in an IRC channel with a looped message playing until someone finally answered your loop and then it took them 20 minutes to get 5 in the server, etc. Basically with CS:Source whether you were trying to ring or you had your team it took between 20-60 minutes to get a scrim. Now it takes about 5. So, the fact that people still complain about it is beyond me.

Game play wise, each CS as I know them (1.6, Source, GO) has been different beasts in terms of mechanics and recoil control. Lots of little things that made or broke you as a player in these games, but recoil control is one of the biggest. You often hear people scream deathmatch deathmatch deathmatch, that's the only way to get better. Well, quick point, how can you DM to practice when you don't know what your practicing? Best thing to do to understand the recoil patterns is load an offline game, kick the bots, and shoot at walls. Seriously. Shoot and spray at walls with various guns at various ranges with various movement patterns, that's the best way to understand how to control and use various guns. You need to understand each guns grouping patterns first before you can practice controlling them!

About the community, yes, the flamers and trolls are alive and well. But here's the thing, I've been around CS a long time, I've won 4 regional championships with CS:Source, and really it never bothered me that sometimes the flamers are all you hear. Here's why. Once you play enough games (competitive or otherwise) you'll hear the same kind of person, it'll sound like this.. you guys suck, why are you even playing this game? or something similar if they are beating you. It sounds like this, you're such a hacker, it's so obvious when you beat them. The fact that people are so binary in their mentality amuses me personally, so I carry that over to CS flamers as well. Some people like to pretend they are perfect at the game, and everyone else around them is inferior, yet if you beat them you must be a hacker. It just sounds so stupid to even talk about it but seriously this is how a lot of people are about the game. Just don't let it get to you, there's no point. Don't even engage. And you wont have many problems.

It's not the easiest game to pick up right off the bat. Spray at feet, get headshot is a notorious saying from outsiders about CS games, because CS can be amazingly random sometimes. And the round-by-round economy, buying guns and items every round, and recoil patterns make it a steep learning curve. But if you understand the groupings (I said how to above), read guides about strategy (like economy management, game flow), and just get in there and start playing you will see why people just can't stop playing this game!

Counter-Strike was the world's original eSport. After the Championship Gaming Series went down the CS1.6 and CS:Source attention did as well, games like StarCraft and DOTA took to the forefront of competitive eSports soon after. But with the cases, skins, and major tournaments Valve and the CS community have turned CS:GO back into one of the world's premiere eSports and there's many, many reasons why it's succeeding. As I say, it's a very exciting game to be a part of right now.I must recommend this game, it is my duty as one who has spent 1600 hours on CSS (from xFire) and 500+ hours on CSGO. I played non-stop competitive CS:Source in regional championships, LANs, and online leagues; and won 4 regional championships with some LAN placings. Here's what I have to say about GO...

CSGO is awesome, Valve delivered here in the end. When it was released, yeah, it wasn't anything special, just a pretty CS:Source. But now we have amazing gun skins, stickers, awesome knives, intense major tournaments, souvenir packages, bracket prediction challenges, seasonal operations with extra maps and challenges for even more drops, etc.

It's awesome, it's a great game to be a part of.

Matchmaking and rated matchmaking based personal ELO rankings is a sweet way to keep competitive games close. It can never be perfect, but back in Source you had to wait in an IRC channel with a looped message playing until someone finally answered your loop and then it took them 20 minutes to get 5 in the server, etc. Basically with CS:Source whether you were trying to ring or you had your team it took between 20-60 minutes to get a scrim. Now it takes about 5. So, the fact that people still complain about it is beyond me.

Game play wise, each CS as I know them (1.6, Source, GO) has been different beasts in terms of mechanics and recoil control. Lots of little things that made or broke you as a player in these games, but recoil control is one of the biggest. You often hear people scream deathmatch deathmatch deathmatch, that's the only way to get better. Well, quick point, how can you DM to practice when you don't know what your practicing? Best thing to do to understand the recoil patterns is load an offline game, kick the bots, and shoot at walls. Seriously. Shoot and spray at walls with various guns at various ranges with various movement patterns, that's the best way to understand how to control and use various guns. You need to understand each guns grouping patterns first before you can practice controlling them!

About the community, yes, the flamers and trolls are alive and well. But here's the thing, I've been around CS a long time, I've won 4 regional championships with CS:Source, and really it never bothered me that sometimes the flamers are all you hear. Here's why. Once you play enough games (competitive or otherwise) you'll hear the same kind of person, it'll sound like this.. you guys suck, why are you even playing this game? or something similar if they are beating you. It sounds like this, you're such a hacker, it's so obvious when you beat them. The fact that people are so binary in their mentality amuses me personally, so I carry that over to CS flamers as well. Some people like to pretend they are perfect at the game, and everyone else around them is inferior, yet if you beat them you must be a hacker. It just sounds so stupid to even talk about it but seriously this is how a lot of people are about the game. Just don't let it get to you, there's no point. Don't even engage. And you wont have many problems.

It's not the easiest game to pick up right off the bat. Spray at feet, get headshot is a notorious saying from outsiders about CS games, because CS can be amazingly random sometimes. And the round-by-round economy, buying guns and items every round, and recoil patterns make it a steep learning curve. But if you understand the groupings (I said how to above), read guides about strategy (like economy management, game flow), and just get in there and start playing you will see why people just can't stop playing this game!

Counter-Strike was the world's original eSport. After the Championship Gaming Series went down the CS1.6 and CS:Source attention did as well, games like StarCraft and DOTA took to the forefront of competitive eSports soon after. But with the cases, skins, and major tournaments Valve and the CS community have turned CS:GO back into one of the world's premiere eSports and there's many, many reasons why it's succeeding. As I say, it's a very exciting game to be a part of right now.

F.uck thisF.uck thisF.uck thisF.uck thisF.uck thisF.uck this

Digital knives cost more than real knives.

10/10Digital knives cost more than real knives.

10/10Digital knives cost more than real knives.

10/10Digital knives cost more than real knives.

10/10Digital knives cost more than real knives.

10/10Digital knives cost more than real knives.

10/10

Valve ruining your favourite games for profit is not something that i enjoy. I am going to take my money elsewhere from now on.Valve ruining your favourite games for profit is not something that i enjoy. I am going to take my money elsewhere from now on.Valve ruining your favourite games for profit is not something that i enjoy. I am going to take my money elsewhere from now on.Valve ruining your favourite games for profit is not something that i enjoy. I am going to take my money elsewhere from now on.Valve ruining your favourite games for profit is not something that i enjoy. I am going to take my money elsewhere from now on.Valve ruining your favourite games for profit is not something that i enjoy. I am going to take my money elsewhere from now on.

Best multiplayer FPS ever made but we miss de_prodigy :(Best multiplayer FPS ever made but we miss de_prodigy :(Best multiplayer FPS ever made but we miss de_prodigy :(Best multiplayer FPS ever made but we miss de_prodigy :(Best multiplayer FPS ever made but we miss de_prodigy :(Best multiplayer FPS ever made but we miss de_prodigy :(

this is the best point and click adventure game I can think ofthis is the best point and click adventure game I can think ofthis is the best point and click adventure game I can think ofthis is the best point and click adventure game I can think ofthis is the best point and click adventure game I can think ofthis is the best point and click adventure game I can think of

I've held this view of CSGO for quite some time, but have never found the time or motivation to publish my thoughts. I've been playing CS for many, many years - starting in the early 2000's through to present day. This time has seen me enjoy the game as a causual scrubber camping hostages, enjoying leveling my character in WC3 mods, smashing heads in deathmatch, surfing backwards, long-jumping, bhopping, played in quals for WCG, competed in CEVO and flew to different locations to compete competitively with my team in different tournaments. I've enjoyed CS from 1.1 to 1.6, CZ, CSS and also CSGO. No, this does not make me a better player than you, and no this does not mean I know everything, it simply means that I have spent a lot of time playing different titles of Counter-Strike, have played competitively and have experienced the good and the bad aspects of different releases.
There are a handful of things that really upset me with CSGO, and they upset me more so because these issues still exist two years after I have first played the game. These issues I consider to be game-breaking bugs that make it such a waste of time to play. I enjoy CS because there is a skill curve: if you want to be the best at the game, you simply need to practice and spend more time learning the mechanics of the game than your opponent - This was certainly true in all other CS games I have played, but not CSGO. CSGO feels like it is a game of luck and chance.
As the game stands, it is fun to play casually but anything competitively or MM is hampered by issues surrounding core aspects of the game.
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when jumping
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when crouching
Hitboxes do not follow the animation of a player planting the bomb
Aimpunch phyiscally affects recoil and is not lag-compensated
If you are on > 70ms ping in a 64tick Server, this is how most events will play out:
You see an enemy jump, you shoot the enemy and get no hits.
You see an enemy continuing to jump peak a spot, you have to time your shoots to shoot where his head is going to be on the next cycle. You shoot thin air, blood appears and you get a headshot kill
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his chest, you get no hit and then he crouches instantly.
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his abdomen and get a headshot (because he was crouching on the server)
You see an enemy, shoot first, die and get no hits. Watch the demo back and apparently how it played out was that he shot you first and your player aimpunched and the bullet actually hit the roof.
You are hiding in a bombsite and see an enemy planting the bomb. You crouch and take your time and shoot his head 12 times, slowly one by one. You get no hits and die.
All of these aspects of the game I consider EXTREMELY game-breaking. The fact that most people reading this will stop and think to themselves, YeahI've held this view of CSGO for quite some time, but have never found the time or motivation to publish my thoughts. I've been playing CS for many, many years - starting in the early 2000's through to present day. This time has seen me enjoy the game as a causual scrubber camping hostages, enjoying leveling my character in WC3 mods, smashing heads in deathmatch, surfing backwards, long-jumping, bhopping, played in quals for WCG, competed in CEVO and flew to different locations to compete competitively with my team in different tournaments. I've enjoyed CS from 1.1 to 1.6, CZ, CSS and also CSGO. No, this does not make me a better player than you, and no this does not mean I know everything, it simply means that I have spent a lot of time playing different titles of Counter-Strike, have played competitively and have experienced the good and the bad aspects of different releases.
There are a handful of things that really upset me with CSGO, and they upset me more so because these issues still exist two years after I have first played the game. These issues I consider to be game-breaking bugs that make it such a waste of time to play. I enjoy CS because there is a skill curve: if you want to be the best at the game, you simply need to practice and spend more time learning the mechanics of the game than your opponent - This was certainly true in all other CS games I have played, but not CSGO. CSGO feels like it is a game of luck and chance.
As the game stands, it is fun to play casually but anything competitively or MM is hampered by issues surrounding core aspects of the game.
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when jumping
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when crouching
Hitboxes do not follow the animation of a player planting the bomb
Aimpunch phyiscally affects recoil and is not lag-compensated
If you are on > 70ms ping in a 64tick Server, this is how most events will play out:
You see an enemy jump, you shoot the enemy and get no hits.
You see an enemy continuing to jump peak a spot, you have to time your shoots to shoot where his head is going to be on the next cycle. You shoot thin air, blood appears and you get a headshot kill
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his chest, you get no hit and then he crouches instantly.
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his abdomen and get a headshot (because he was crouching on the server)
You see an enemy, shoot first, die and get no hits. Watch the demo back and apparently how it played out was that he shot you first and your player aimpunched and the bullet actually hit the roof.
You are hiding in a bombsite and see an enemy planting the bomb. You crouch and take your time and shoot his head 12 times, slowly one by one. You get no hits and die.
All of these aspects of the game I consider EXTREMELY game-breaking. The fact that most people reading this will stop and think to themselves, YeahI've held this view of CSGO for quite some time, but have never found the time or motivation to publish my thoughts. I've been playing CS for many, many years - starting in the early 2000's through to present day. This time has seen me enjoy the game as a causual scrubber camping hostages, enjoying leveling my character in WC3 mods, smashing heads in deathmatch, surfing backwards, long-jumping, bhopping, played in quals for WCG, competed in CEVO and flew to different locations to compete competitively with my team in different tournaments. I've enjoyed CS from 1.1 to 1.6, CZ, CSS and also CSGO. No, this does not make me a better player than you, and no this does not mean I know everything, it simply means that I have spent a lot of time playing different titles of Counter-Strike, have played competitively and have experienced the good and the bad aspects of different releases.
There are a handful of things that really upset me with CSGO, and they upset me more so because these issues still exist two years after I have first played the game. These issues I consider to be game-breaking bugs that make it such a waste of time to play. I enjoy CS because there is a skill curve: if you want to be the best at the game, you simply need to practice and spend more time learning the mechanics of the game than your opponent - This was certainly true in all other CS games I have played, but not CSGO. CSGO feels like it is a game of luck and chance.
As the game stands, it is fun to play casually but anything competitively or MM is hampered by issues surrounding core aspects of the game.
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when jumping
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when crouching
Hitboxes do not follow the animation of a player planting the bomb
Aimpunch phyiscally affects recoil and is not lag-compensated
If you are on > 70ms ping in a 64tick Server, this is how most events will play out:
You see an enemy jump, you shoot the enemy and get no hits.
You see an enemy continuing to jump peak a spot, you have to time your shoots to shoot where his head is going to be on the next cycle. You shoot thin air, blood appears and you get a headshot kill
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his chest, you get no hit and then he crouches instantly.
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his abdomen and get a headshot (because he was crouching on the server)
You see an enemy, shoot first, die and get no hits. Watch the demo back and apparently how it played out was that he shot you first and your player aimpunched and the bullet actually hit the roof.
You are hiding in a bombsite and see an enemy planting the bomb. You crouch and take your time and shoot his head 12 times, slowly one by one. You get no hits and die.
All of these aspects of the game I consider EXTREMELY game-breaking. The fact that most people reading this will stop and think to themselves, YeahI've held this view of CSGO for quite some time, but have never found the time or motivation to publish my thoughts. I've been playing CS for many, many years - starting in the early 2000's through to present day. This time has seen me enjoy the game as a causual scrubber camping hostages, enjoying leveling my character in WC3 mods, smashing heads in deathmatch, surfing backwards, long-jumping, bhopping, played in quals for WCG, competed in CEVO and flew to different locations to compete competitively with my team in different tournaments. I've enjoyed CS from 1.1 to 1.6, CZ, CSS and also CSGO. No, this does not make me a better player than you, and no this does not mean I know everything, it simply means that I have spent a lot of time playing different titles of Counter-Strike, have played competitively and have experienced the good and the bad aspects of different releases.
There are a handful of things that really upset me with CSGO, and they upset me more so because these issues still exist two years after I have first played the game. These issues I consider to be game-breaking bugs that make it such a waste of time to play. I enjoy CS because there is a skill curve: if you want to be the best at the game, you simply need to practice and spend more time learning the mechanics of the game than your opponent - This was certainly true in all other CS games I have played, but not CSGO. CSGO feels like it is a game of luck and chance.
As the game stands, it is fun to play casually but anything competitively or MM is hampered by issues surrounding core aspects of the game.
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when jumping
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when crouching
Hitboxes do not follow the animation of a player planting the bomb
Aimpunch phyiscally affects recoil and is not lag-compensated
If you are on > 70ms ping in a 64tick Server, this is how most events will play out:
You see an enemy jump, you shoot the enemy and get no hits.
You see an enemy continuing to jump peak a spot, you have to time your shoots to shoot where his head is going to be on the next cycle. You shoot thin air, blood appears and you get a headshot kill
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his chest, you get no hit and then he crouches instantly.
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his abdomen and get a headshot (because he was crouching on the server)
You see an enemy, shoot first, die and get no hits. Watch the demo back and apparently how it played out was that he shot you first and your player aimpunched and the bullet actually hit the roof.
You are hiding in a bombsite and see an enemy planting the bomb. You crouch and take your time and shoot his head 12 times, slowly one by one. You get no hits and die.
All of these aspects of the game I consider EXTREMELY game-breaking. The fact that most people reading this will stop and think to themselves, YeahI've held this view of CSGO for quite some time, but have never found the time or motivation to publish my thoughts. I've been playing CS for many, many years - starting in the early 2000's through to present day. This time has seen me enjoy the game as a causual scrubber camping hostages, enjoying leveling my character in WC3 mods, smashing heads in deathmatch, surfing backwards, long-jumping, bhopping, played in quals for WCG, competed in CEVO and flew to different locations to compete competitively with my team in different tournaments. I've enjoyed CS from 1.1 to 1.6, CZ, CSS and also CSGO. No, this does not make me a better player than you, and no this does not mean I know everything, it simply means that I have spent a lot of time playing different titles of Counter-Strike, have played competitively and have experienced the good and the bad aspects of different releases.
There are a handful of things that really upset me with CSGO, and they upset me more so because these issues still exist two years after I have first played the game. These issues I consider to be game-breaking bugs that make it such a waste of time to play. I enjoy CS because there is a skill curve: if you want to be the best at the game, you simply need to practice and spend more time learning the mechanics of the game than your opponent - This was certainly true in all other CS games I have played, but not CSGO. CSGO feels like it is a game of luck and chance.
As the game stands, it is fun to play casually but anything competitively or MM is hampered by issues surrounding core aspects of the game.
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when jumping
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when crouching
Hitboxes do not follow the animation of a player planting the bomb
Aimpunch phyiscally affects recoil and is not lag-compensated
If you are on > 70ms ping in a 64tick Server, this is how most events will play out:
You see an enemy jump, you shoot the enemy and get no hits.
You see an enemy continuing to jump peak a spot, you have to time your shoots to shoot where his head is going to be on the next cycle. You shoot thin air, blood appears and you get a headshot kill
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his chest, you get no hit and then he crouches instantly.
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his abdomen and get a headshot (because he was crouching on the server)
You see an enemy, shoot first, die and get no hits. Watch the demo back and apparently how it played out was that he shot you first and your player aimpunched and the bullet actually hit the roof.
You are hiding in a bombsite and see an enemy planting the bomb. You crouch and take your time and shoot his head 12 times, slowly one by one. You get no hits and die.
All of these aspects of the game I consider EXTREMELY game-breaking. The fact that most people reading this will stop and think to themselves, YeahI've held this view of CSGO for quite some time, but have never found the time or motivation to publish my thoughts. I've been playing CS for many, many years - starting in the early 2000's through to present day. This time has seen me enjoy the game as a causual scrubber camping hostages, enjoying leveling my character in WC3 mods, smashing heads in deathmatch, surfing backwards, long-jumping, bhopping, played in quals for WCG, competed in CEVO and flew to different locations to compete competitively with my team in different tournaments. I've enjoyed CS from 1.1 to 1.6, CZ, CSS and also CSGO. No, this does not make me a better player than you, and no this does not mean I know everything, it simply means that I have spent a lot of time playing different titles of Counter-Strike, have played competitively and have experienced the good and the bad aspects of different releases.
There are a handful of things that really upset me with CSGO, and they upset me more so because these issues still exist two years after I have first played the game. These issues I consider to be game-breaking bugs that make it such a waste of time to play. I enjoy CS because there is a skill curve: if you want to be the best at the game, you simply need to practice and spend more time learning the mechanics of the game than your opponent - This was certainly true in all other CS games I have played, but not CSGO. CSGO feels like it is a game of luck and chance.
As the game stands, it is fun to play casually but anything competitively or MM is hampered by issues surrounding core aspects of the game.
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when jumping
Hitboxes are not lag-compensated to follow the model of a player when crouching
Hitboxes do not follow the animation of a player planting the bomb
Aimpunch phyiscally affects recoil and is not lag-compensated
If you are on > 70ms ping in a 64tick Server, this is how most events will play out:
You see an enemy jump, you shoot the enemy and get no hits.
You see an enemy continuing to jump peak a spot, you have to time your shoots to shoot where his head is going to be on the next cycle. You shoot thin air, blood appears and you get a headshot kill
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his chest, you get no hit and then he crouches instantly.
You see an enemy standing there, you shoot his abdomen and get a headshot (because he was crouching on the server)
You see an enemy, shoot first, die and get no hits. Watch the demo back and apparently how it played out was that he shot you first and your player aimpunched and the bullet actually hit the roof.
You are hiding in a bombsite and see an enemy planting the bomb. You crouch and take your time and shoot his head 12 times, slowly one by one. You get no hits and die.
All of these aspects of the game I consider EXTREMELY game-breaking. The fact that most people reading this will stop and think to themselves, Yeah

cool game.cool game.cool game.cool game.cool game.cool game.

This is the greatest head dinking of all time.

10/10, GOTYThis is the greatest head dinking of all time.

10/10, GOTYThis is the greatest head dinking of all time.

10/10, GOTYThis is the greatest head dinking of all time.

10/10, GOTYThis is the greatest head dinking of all time.

10/10, GOTYThis is the greatest head dinking of all time.

10/10, GOTY

If you spray you're dead, it's not call of duty. Also you might see nerf gun skins... :3If you spray you're dead, it's not call of duty. Also you might see nerf gun skins... :3If you spray you're dead, it's not call of duty. Also you might see nerf gun skins... :3If you spray you're dead, it's not call of duty. Also you might see nerf gun skins... :3If you spray you're dead, it's not call of duty. Also you might see nerf gun skins... :3If you spray you're dead, it's not call of duty. Also you might see nerf gun skins... :3

nice gamenice gamenice gamenice gamenice gamenice game

Literally the worst game that ever came out. If you aren't completely sadistic and have some self respect you just keep your ing fingers away from this terrible game. You're gonna start at the bottom of the rank lists playing against people with over 40'000 hours who literally just bought a new account to  you up and tell you how homophobical they are, or how they banged your mum and dad and sister and brother last night. Ideally, you're gonna become better, actually you won't, but you will be sometimes carried so hard through your games that you'll manage to get to some decent ranks, where you'll get stomped because you play against people who sacrificed their girlfriends for pure reaction time and insanely inhuman skills. Talking and having fun at this stage is basically impossible, since you will have to drop down everything that might even slightly decrease your attention, e.g: Your baby, your girlfriend, the phone, the doorbell, everything. After 500 hours you'll get to the elo hell, Legendary Eagle Master, where you are gonna face off exact copies of KennyS, ApeX, olofmeister and more. The insults at this stage of the game become so heavy, that you won't be able to sleep for weeks. After a few months of playing, asking yourself WHY you play this game, you're gonna get out of LEM and become SMFC and then GE. Now you're the one whos stomping. HA! JOKE! You'll now face a ing wallhacker or aimbotter every ing round, people who literally spend their whole childhood playing this game since Half Life was announced, people who became one with their PC. And the worst of all...you're still going to play this piece of . Whatever, I'm off playing a round.Literally the worst game that ever came out. If you aren't completely sadistic and have some self respect you just keep your ing fingers away from this terrible game. You're gonna start at the bottom of the rank lists playing against people with over 40'000 hours who literally just bought a new account to  you up and tell you how homophobical they are, or how they banged your mum and dad and sister and brother last night. Ideally, you're gonna become better, actually you won't, but you will be sometimes carried so hard through your games that you'll manage to get to some decent ranks, where you'll get stomped because you play against people who sacrificed their girlfriends for pure reaction time and insanely inhuman skills. Talking and having fun at this stage is basically impossible, since you will have to drop down everything that might even slightly decrease your attention, e.g: Your baby, your girlfriend, the phone, the doorbell, everything. After 500 hours you'll get to the elo hell, Legendary Eagle Master, where you are gonna face off exact copies of KennyS, ApeX, olofmeister and more. The insults at this stage of the game become so heavy, that you won't be able to sleep for weeks. After a few months of playing, asking yourself WHY you play this game, you're gonna get out of LEM and become SMFC and then GE. Now you're the one whos stomping. HA! JOKE! You'll now face a ing wallhacker or aimbotter every ing round, people who literally spend their whole childhood playing this game since Half Life was announced, people who became one with their PC. And the worst of all...you're still going to play this piece of . Whatever, I'm off playing a round.Literally the worst game that ever came out. If you aren't completely sadistic and have some self respect you just keep your ing fingers away from this terrible game. You're gonna start at the bottom of the rank lists playing against people with over 40'000 hours who literally just bought a new account to  you up and tell you how homophobical they are, or how they banged your mum and dad and sister and brother last night. Ideally, you're gonna become better, actually you won't, but you will be sometimes carried so hard through your games that you'll manage to get to some decent ranks, where you'll get stomped because you play against people who sacrificed their girlfriends for pure reaction time and insanely inhuman skills. Talking and having fun at this stage is basically impossible, since you will have to drop down everything that might even slightly decrease your attention, e.g: Your baby, your girlfriend, the phone, the doorbell, everything. After 500 hours you'll get to the elo hell, Legendary Eagle Master, where you are gonna face off exact copies of KennyS, ApeX, olofmeister and more. The insults at this stage of the game become so heavy, that you won't be able to sleep for weeks. After a few months of playing, asking yourself WHY you play this game, you're gonna get out of LEM and become SMFC and then GE. Now you're the one whos stomping. HA! JOKE! You'll now face a ing wallhacker or aimbotter every ing round, people who literally spend their whole childhood playing this game since Half Life was announced, people who became one with their PC. And the worst of all...you're still going to play this piece of . Whatever, I'm off playing a round.Literally the worst game that ever came out. If you aren't completely sadistic and have some self respect you just keep your ing fingers away from this terrible game. You're gonna start at the bottom of the rank lists playing against people with over 40'000 hours who literally just bought a new account to  you up and tell you how homophobical they are, or how they banged your mum and dad and sister and brother last night. Ideally, you're gonna become better, actually you won't, but you will be sometimes carried so hard through your games that you'll manage to get to some decent ranks, where you'll get stomped because you play against people who sacrificed their girlfriends for pure reaction time and insanely inhuman skills. Talking and having fun at this stage is basically impossible, since you will have to drop down everything that might even slightly decrease your attention, e.g: Your baby, your girlfriend, the phone, the doorbell, everything. After 500 hours you'll get to the elo hell, Legendary Eagle Master, where you are gonna face off exact copies of KennyS, ApeX, olofmeister and more. The insults at this stage of the game become so heavy, that you won't be able to sleep for weeks. After a few months of playing, asking yourself WHY you play this game, you're gonna get out of LEM and become SMFC and then GE. Now you're the one whos stomping. HA! JOKE! You'll now face a ing wallhacker or aimbotter every ing round, people who literally spend their whole childhood playing this game since Half Life was announced, people who became one with their PC. And the worst of all...you're still going to play this piece of . Whatever, I'm off playing a round.Literally the worst game that ever came out. If you aren't completely sadistic and have some self respect you just keep your ing fingers away from this terrible game. You're gonna start at the bottom of the rank lists playing against people with over 40'000 hours who literally just bought a new account to  you up and tell you how homophobical they are, or how they banged your mum and dad and sister and brother last night. Ideally, you're gonna become better, actually you won't, but you will be sometimes carried so hard through your games that you'll manage to get to some decent ranks, where you'll get stomped because you play against people who sacrificed their girlfriends for pure reaction time and insanely inhuman skills. Talking and having fun at this stage is basically impossible, since you will have to drop down everything that might even slightly decrease your attention, e.g: Your baby, your girlfriend, the phone, the doorbell, everything. After 500 hours you'll get to the elo hell, Legendary Eagle Master, where you are gonna face off exact copies of KennyS, ApeX, olofmeister and more. The insults at this stage of the game become so heavy, that you won't be able to sleep for weeks. After a few months of playing, asking yourself WHY you play this game, you're gonna get out of LEM and become SMFC and then GE. Now you're the one whos stomping. HA! JOKE! You'll now face a ing wallhacker or aimbotter every ing round, people who literally spend their whole childhood playing this game since Half Life was announced, people who became one with their PC. And the worst of all...you're still going to play this piece of . Whatever, I'm off playing a round.Literally the worst game that ever came out. If you aren't completely sadistic and have some self respect you just keep your ing fingers away from this terrible game. You're gonna start at the bottom of the rank lists playing against people with over 40'000 hours who literally just bought a new account to  you up and tell you how homophobical they are, or how they banged your mum and dad and sister and brother last night. Ideally, you're gonna become better, actually you won't, but you will be sometimes carried so hard through your games that you'll manage to get to some decent ranks, where you'll get stomped because you play against people who sacrificed their girlfriends for pure reaction time and insanely inhuman skills. Talking and having fun at this stage is basically impossible, since you will have to drop down everything that might even slightly decrease your attention, e.g: Your baby, your girlfriend, the phone, the doorbell, everything. After 500 hours you'll get to the elo hell, Legendary Eagle Master, where you are gonna face off exact copies of KennyS, ApeX, olofmeister and more. The insults at this stage of the game become so heavy, that you won't be able to sleep for weeks. After a few months of playing, asking yourself WHY you play this game, you're gonna get out of LEM and become SMFC and then GE. Now you're the one whos stomping. HA! JOKE! You'll now face a ing wallhacker or aimbotter every ing round, people who literally spend their whole childhood playing this game since Half Life was announced, people who became one with their PC. And the worst of all...you're still going to play this piece of . Whatever, I'm off playing a round.

Ruined with latest patch. Test your game.Ruined with latest patch. Test your game.Ruined with latest patch. Test your game.Ruined with latest patch. Test your game.Ruined with latest patch. Test your game.Ruined with latest patch. Test your game.

added R8, game ing sucksadded R8, game ing sucksadded R8, game ing sucksadded R8, game ing sucksadded R8, game ing sucksadded R8, game ing sucks

Don't buy because of revolver. Volvo plz fix thisDon't buy because of revolver. Volvo plz fix thisDon't buy because of revolver. Volvo plz fix thisDon't buy because of revolver. Volvo plz fix thisDon't buy because of revolver. Volvo plz fix thisDon't buy because of revolver. Volvo plz fix this

I've had this game for a very long time, on this account and on my other account. On my old account I bought this game when I first got steam along with CS:S and Garrys mod.

This game was very fun yet frustrating to play. I learned and got better and at the same time kept learning new things like controlling recoil and how to aim better.

Over time tho this game hasent been doing good (to me at least) In my personal experiances from the 600+ hours ive played this game (300+ on this account and 300+ on my other account) this game has gone through a lot of crap.

Let me get started about what I see people complain about, and myself included. First the 64 tick servers, valve generates millions of dollars, probably even more I dont really know, but I dont know why they dont upgrade VAC servers to 128 tick, it will really make people happy and possibly even attract more players.

Another thing that people complain about is the infamous hitboxes, everyone has had their fair share of hitbox mess ups" as i like to call itI've had this game for a very long time, on this account and on my other account. On my old account I bought this game when I first got steam along with CS:S and Garrys mod.

This game was very fun yet frustrating to play. I learned and got better and at the same time kept learning new things like controlling recoil and how to aim better.

Over time tho this game hasent been doing good (to me at least) In my personal experiances from the 600+ hours ive played this game (300+ on this account and 300+ on my other account) this game has gone through a lot of crap.

Let me get started about what I see people complain about, and myself included. First the 64 tick servers, valve generates millions of dollars, probably even more I dont really know, but I dont know why they dont upgrade VAC servers to 128 tick, it will really make people happy and possibly even attract more players.

Another thing that people complain about is the infamous hitboxes, everyone has had their fair share of hitbox mess ups" as i like to call itI've had this game for a very long time, on this account and on my other account. On my old account I bought this game when I first got steam along with CS:S and Garrys mod.

This game was very fun yet frustrating to play. I learned and got better and at the same time kept learning new things like controlling recoil and how to aim better.

Over time tho this game hasent been doing good (to me at least) In my personal experiances from the 600+ hours ive played this game (300+ on this account and 300+ on my other account) this game has gone through a lot of crap.

Let me get started about what I see people complain about, and myself included. First the 64 tick servers, valve generates millions of dollars, probably even more I dont really know, but I dont know why they dont upgrade VAC servers to 128 tick, it will really make people happy and possibly even attract more players.

Another thing that people complain about is the infamous hitboxes, everyone has had their fair share of hitbox mess ups" as i like to call itI've had this game for a very long time, on this account and on my other account. On my old account I bought this game when I first got steam along with CS:S and Garrys mod.

This game was very fun yet frustrating to play. I learned and got better and at the same time kept learning new things like controlling recoil and how to aim better.

Over time tho this game hasent been doing good (to me at least) In my personal experiances from the 600+ hours ive played this game (300+ on this account and 300+ on my other account) this game has gone through a lot of crap.

Let me get started about what I see people complain about, and myself included. First the 64 tick servers, valve generates millions of dollars, probably even more I dont really know, but I dont know why they dont upgrade VAC servers to 128 tick, it will really make people happy and possibly even attract more players.

Another thing that people complain about is the infamous hitboxes, everyone has had their fair share of hitbox mess ups" as i like to call itI've had this game for a very long time, on this account and on my other account. On my old account I bought this game when I first got steam along with CS:S and Garrys mod.

This game was very fun yet frustrating to play. I learned and got better and at the same time kept learning new things like controlling recoil and how to aim better.

Over time tho this game hasent been doing good (to me at least) In my personal experiances from the 600+ hours ive played this game (300+ on this account and 300+ on my other account) this game has gone through a lot of crap.

Let me get started about what I see people complain about, and myself included. First the 64 tick servers, valve generates millions of dollars, probably even more I dont really know, but I dont know why they dont upgrade VAC servers to 128 tick, it will really make people happy and possibly even attract more players.

Another thing that people complain about is the infamous hitboxes, everyone has had their fair share of hitbox mess ups" as i like to call itI've had this game for a very long time, on this account and on my other account. On my old account I bought this game when I first got steam along with CS:S and Garrys mod.

This game was very fun yet frustrating to play. I learned and got better and at the same time kept learning new things like controlling recoil and how to aim better.

Over time tho this game hasent been doing good (to me at least) In my personal experiances from the 600+ hours ive played this game (300+ on this account and 300+ on my other account) this game has gone through a lot of crap.

Let me get started about what I see people complain about, and myself included. First the 64 tick servers, valve generates millions of dollars, probably even more I dont really know, but I dont know why they dont upgrade VAC servers to 128 tick, it will really make people happy and possibly even attract more players.

Another thing that people complain about is the infamous hitboxes, everyone has had their fair share of hitbox mess ups" as i like to call it

i t s s h i t
f  u  c  k o f fi t s s h i t
f  u  c  k o f fi t s s h i t
f  u  c  k o f fi t s s h i t
f  u  c  k o f fi t s s h i t
f  u  c  k o f fi t s s h i t
f  u  c  k o f f

CheaterStrike: Spray&Pray, there is no need to say more...CheaterStrike: Spray&Pray, there is no need to say more...CheaterStrike: Spray&Pray, there is no need to say more...CheaterStrike: Spray&Pray, there is no need to say more...CheaterStrike: Spray&Pray, there is no need to say more...CheaterStrike: Spray&Pray, there is no need to say more...

I could never really get into Counter-Strike and Counter-Strike: Source. But Global Offensive is really easy to pick up, is pretty polished, has nice customization option, lots of neat little things all around. It's a good MP title.

I'd recommend trying to play with a friend who already knows about the game's mechanics and the metagame, too. It's a very gradual learning experience.I could never really get into Counter-Strike and Counter-Strike: Source. But Global Offensive is really easy to pick up, is pretty polished, has nice customization option, lots of neat little things all around. It's a good MP title.

I'd recommend trying to play with a friend who already knows about the game's mechanics and the metagame, too. It's a very gradual learning experience.I could never really get into Counter-Strike and Counter-Strike: Source. But Global Offensive is really easy to pick up, is pretty polished, has nice customization option, lots of neat little things all around. It's a good MP title.

I'd recommend trying to play with a friend who already knows about the game's mechanics and the metagame, too. It's a very gradual learning experience.I could never really get into Counter-Strike and Counter-Strike: Source. But Global Offensive is really easy to pick up, is pretty polished, has nice customization option, lots of neat little things all around. It's a good MP title.

I'd recommend trying to play with a friend who already knows about the game's mechanics and the metagame, too. It's a very gradual learning experience.I could never really get into Counter-Strike and Counter-Strike: Source. But Global Offensive is really easy to pick up, is pretty polished, has nice customization option, lots of neat little things all around. It's a good MP title.

I'd recommend trying to play with a friend who already knows about the game's mechanics and the metagame, too. It's a very gradual learning experience.I could never really get into Counter-Strike and Counter-Strike: Source. But Global Offensive is really easy to pick up, is pretty polished, has nice customization option, lots of neat little things all around. It's a good MP title.

I'd recommend trying to play with a friend who already knows about the game's mechanics and the metagame, too. It's a very gradual learning experience.

get r8'd across the mapget r8'd across the mapget r8'd across the mapget r8'd across the mapget r8'd across the mapget r8'd across the map

NICE UPDATENICE UPDATENICE UPDATENICE UPDATENICE UPDATENICE UPDATE

Update completely obliterated the game, no kind of weapon balance present.Update completely obliterated the game, no kind of weapon balance present.Update completely obliterated the game, no kind of weapon balance present.Update completely obliterated the game, no kind of weapon balance present.Update completely obliterated the game, no kind of weapon balance present.Update completely obliterated the game, no kind of weapon balance present.

Un joc foarte bun din toate punctele de vedere mai ales ca nu a putut fi crackuit si a ramas in continuare doar pentru jucatorii de pe steam

Un joc foarte bun din toate punctele de vedere mai ales ca nu a putut fi crackuit si a ramas in continuare doar pentru jucatorii de pe steam

Un joc foarte bun din toate punctele de vedere mai ales ca nu a putut fi crackuit si a ramas in continuare doar pentru jucatorii de pe steam

Un joc foarte bun din toate punctele de vedere mai ales ca nu a putut fi crackuit si a ramas in continuare doar pentru jucatorii de pe steam

Un joc foarte bun din toate punctele de vedere mai ales ca nu a putut fi crackuit si a ramas in continuare doar pentru jucatorii de pe steam

Un joc foarte bun din toate punctele de vedere mai ales ca nu a putut fi crackuit si a ramas in continuare doar pentru jucatorii de pe steam



The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team you are nothing. So the rank doesnt show your real level.
Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned.
Also full of hackers.
6/10The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team you are nothing. So the rank doesnt show your real level.
Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned.
Also full of hackers.
6/10The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team you are nothing. So the rank doesnt show your real level.
Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned.
Also full of hackers.
6/10The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team you are nothing. So the rank doesnt show your real level.
Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned.
Also full of hackers.
6/10The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team you are nothing. So the rank doesnt show your real level.
Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned.
Also full of hackers.
6/10The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team you are nothing. So the rank doesnt show your real level.
Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned.
Also full of hackers.
6/10

!!!ATTENTION!!!

Learning Russian Simulator 2012 - 

This game includes;

-Russian language              -12 years old kids
-Russian kids                     -Chikens,Smurfers
-Russian                  -Cheaters,Hackers
-Russian things...               -Many trollers
-Only Russia                     -Bad Language
-Cyk*,Kurw*                      -Piece of Sh*t

BUT THIS GAME HAS GOOD THINGS TOO

Here;
-Often funny moments
-Rarely teamworks and tournament atmosphere
-Concentrated competitive matches
-Rarely appreciation from teammates (Without your real friends)

I RECOMMENDED BUT AFTER YOU GET THIS GAME,YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN!!!ATTENTION!!!

Learning Russian Simulator 2012 - 

This game includes;

-Russian language              -12 years old kids
-Russian kids                     -Chikens,Smurfers
-Russian                  -Cheaters,Hackers
-Russian things...               -Many trollers
-Only Russia                     -Bad Language
-Cyk*,Kurw*                      -Piece of Sh*t

BUT THIS GAME HAS GOOD THINGS TOO

Here;
-Often funny moments
-Rarely teamworks and tournament atmosphere
-Concentrated competitive matches
-Rarely appreciation from teammates (Without your real friends)

I RECOMMENDED BUT AFTER YOU GET THIS GAME,YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN!!!ATTENTION!!!

Learning Russian Simulator 2012 - 

This game includes;

-Russian language              -12 years old kids
-Russian kids                     -Chikens,Smurfers
-Russian                  -Cheaters,Hackers
-Russian things...               -Many trollers
-Only Russia                     -Bad Language
-Cyk*,Kurw*                      -Piece of Sh*t

BUT THIS GAME HAS GOOD THINGS TOO

Here;
-Often funny moments
-Rarely teamworks and tournament atmosphere
-Concentrated competitive matches
-Rarely appreciation from teammates (Without your real friends)

I RECOMMENDED BUT AFTER YOU GET THIS GAME,YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN!!!ATTENTION!!!

Learning Russian Simulator 2012 - 

This game includes;

-Russian language              -12 years old kids
-Russian kids                     -Chikens,Smurfers
-Russian                  -Cheaters,Hackers
-Russian things...               -Many trollers
-Only Russia                     -Bad Language
-Cyk*,Kurw*                      -Piece of Sh*t

BUT THIS GAME HAS GOOD THINGS TOO

Here;
-Often funny moments
-Rarely teamworks and tournament atmosphere
-Concentrated competitive matches
-Rarely appreciation from teammates (Without your real friends)

I RECOMMENDED BUT AFTER YOU GET THIS GAME,YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN!!!ATTENTION!!!

Learning Russian Simulator 2012 - 

This game includes;

-Russian language              -12 years old kids
-Russian kids                     -Chikens,Smurfers
-Russian                  -Cheaters,Hackers
-Russian things...               -Many trollers
-Only Russia                     -Bad Language
-Cyk*,Kurw*                      -Piece of Sh*t

BUT THIS GAME HAS GOOD THINGS TOO

Here;
-Often funny moments
-Rarely teamworks and tournament atmosphere
-Concentrated competitive matches
-Rarely appreciation from teammates (Without your real friends)

I RECOMMENDED BUT AFTER YOU GET THIS GAME,YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN!!!ATTENTION!!!

Learning Russian Simulator 2012 - 

This game includes;

-Russian language              -12 years old kids
-Russian kids                     -Chikens,Smurfers
-Russian                  -Cheaters,Hackers
-Russian things...               -Many trollers
-Only Russia                     -Bad Language
-Cyk*,Kurw*                      -Piece of Sh*t

BUT THIS GAME HAS GOOD THINGS TOO

Here;
-Often funny moments
-Rarely teamworks and tournament atmosphere
-Concentrated competitive matches
-Rarely appreciation from teammates (Without your real friends)

I RECOMMENDED BUT AFTER YOU GET THIS GAME,YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN

!!!ATTENTION!!!

Learning Russian Simulator 2012 - 

This game includes;

-Russian language              -12 years old kids
-Russian kids                     -Chikens,Smurfers
-Russian                  -Cheaters,Hackers
-Russian things...               -Many trollers
-Only Russia                     -Bad Language
-Cyk*,Kurw*                      -Piece of Sh*t

BUT THIS GAME HAS GOOD THINGS TOO

Here;
-Often funny moments
-Rarely teamworks and tournament atmosphere
-Concentrated competitive matches
-Rarely appreciation from teammates (Without your real friends)

I RECOMMENDED BUT AFTER YOU GET THIS GAME,YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN!!!ATTENTION!!!

Learning Russian Simulator 2012 - 

This game includes;

-Russian language              -12 years old kids
-Russian kids                     -Chikens,Smurfers
-Russian                  -Cheaters,Hackers
-Russian things...               -Many trollers
-Only Russia                     -Bad Language
-Cyk*,Kurw*                      -Piece of Sh*t

BUT THIS GAME HAS GOOD THINGS TOO

Here;
-Often funny moments
-Rarely teamworks and tournament atmosphere
-Concentrated competitive matches
-Rarely appreciation from teammates (Without your real friends)

I RECOMMENDED BUT AFTER YOU GET THIS GAME,YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN!!!ATTENTION!!!

Learning Russian Simulator 2012 - 

This game includes;

-Russian language              -12 years old kids
-Russian kids                     -Chikens,Smurfers
-Russian                  -Cheaters,Hackers
-Russian things...               -Many trollers
-Only Russia                     -Bad Language
-Cyk*,Kurw*                      -Piece of Sh*t

BUT THIS GAME HAS GOOD THINGS TOO

Here;
-Often funny moments
-Rarely teamworks and tournament atmosphere
-Concentrated competitive matches
-Rarely appreciation from teammates (Without your real friends)

I RECOMMENDED BUT AFTER YOU GET THIS GAME,YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN!!!ATTENTION!!!

Learning Russian Simulator 2012 - 

This game includes;

-Russian language              -12 years old kids
-Russian kids                     -Chikens,Smurfers
-Russian                  -Cheaters,Hackers
-Russian things...               -Many trollers
-Only Russia                     -Bad Language
-Cyk*,Kurw*                      -Piece of Sh*t

BUT THIS GAME HAS GOOD THINGS TOO

Here;
-Often funny moments
-Rarely teamworks and tournament atmosphere
-Concentrated competitive matches
-Rarely appreciation from teammates (Without your real friends)

I RECOMMENDED BUT AFTER YOU GET THIS GAME,YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN!!!ATTENTION!!!

Learning Russian Simulator 2012 - 

This game includes;

-Russian language              -12 years old kids
-Russian kids                     -Chikens,Smurfers
-Russian                  -Cheaters,Hackers
-Russian things...               -Many trollers
-Only Russia                     -Bad Language
-Cyk*,Kurw*                      -Piece of Sh*t

BUT THIS GAME HAS GOOD THINGS TOO

Here;
-Often funny moments
-Rarely teamworks and tournament atmosphere
-Concentrated competitive matches
-Rarely appreciation from teammates (Without your real friends)

I RECOMMENDED BUT AFTER YOU GET THIS GAME,YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN!!!ATTENTION!!!

Learning Russian Simulator 2012 - 

This game includes;

-Russian language              -12 years old kids
-Russian kids                     -Chikens,Smurfers
-Russian                  -Cheaters,Hackers
-Russian things...               -Many trollers
-Only Russia                     -Bad Language
-Cyk*,Kurw*                      -Piece of Sh*t

BUT THIS GAME HAS GOOD THINGS TOO

Here;
-Often funny moments
-Rarely teamworks and tournament atmosphere
-Concentrated competitive matches
-Rarely appreciation from teammates (Without your real friends)

I RECOMMENDED BUT AFTER YOU GET THIS GAME,YOU WILL UNDERSTAND WHAT I MEAN

The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team you are nothing. So the rank doesnt show your real level.
Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned.
Also full of hackers.
6/10The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team you are nothing. So the rank doesnt show your real level.
Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned.
Also full of hackers.
6/10The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team you are nothing. So the rank doesnt show your real level.
Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned.
Also full of hackers.
6/10The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team you are nothing. So the rank doesnt show your real level.
Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned.
Also full of hackers.
6/10The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team you are nothing. So the rank doesnt show your real level.
Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned.
Also full of hackers.
6/10The way you get the rank is so stupid because without pre-made team you are nothing. So the rank doesnt show your real level.
Also what about bans?If there is blackout in my home how can I avoid the ban?You have only 5 or 7 minutes to join again. And if the electricity doesnt show up then you have to be banned.
Also full of hackers.
6/10

awesome game ... You need it if you dont have it..awesome game ... You need it if you dont have it..awesome game ... You need it if you dont have it..awesome game ... You need it if you dont have it..awesome game ... You need it if you dont have it..awesome game ... You need it if you dont have it..

1/10

3/6 of my last games had cheaters in them. Nice! (1 point for chickens)1/10

3/6 of my last games had cheaters in them. Nice! (1 point for chickens)1/10

3/6 of my last games had cheaters in them. Nice! (1 point for chickens)1/10

3/6 of my last games had cheaters in them. Nice! (1 point for chickens)1/10

3/6 of my last games had cheaters in them. Nice! (1 point for chickens)1/10

3/6 of my last games had cheaters in them. Nice! (1 point for chickens)

the best and the worst gamethe best and the worst gamethe best and the worst gamethe best and the worst gamethe best and the worst gamethe best and the worst game

good game if u want to get mad and occasionaly have a good timegood game if u want to get mad and occasionaly have a good timegood game if u want to get mad and occasionaly have a good timegood game if u want to get mad and occasionaly have a good timegood game if u want to get mad and occasionaly have a good timegood game if u want to get mad and occasionaly have a good time

Counter-Strike is a good game that is past its time. The recent addition of weapon skins as prize drops does not improve it as much as it cheapens the overall experience.

As much fun as I've had playing Counter-Strike over the years, I now feel that new games such as Insurgency improve upon the formula and offer a similar but richer experience.Counter-Strike is a good game that is past its time. The recent addition of weapon skins as prize drops does not improve it as much as it cheapens the overall experience.

As much fun as I've had playing Counter-Strike over the years, I now feel that new games such as Insurgency improve upon the formula and offer a similar but richer experience.Counter-Strike is a good game that is past its time. The recent addition of weapon skins as prize drops does not improve it as much as it cheapens the overall experience.

As much fun as I've had playing Counter-Strike over the years, I now feel that new games such as Insurgency improve upon the formula and offer a similar but richer experience.Counter-Strike is a good game that is past its time. The recent addition of weapon skins as prize drops does not improve it as much as it cheapens the overall experience.

As much fun as I've had playing Counter-Strike over the years, I now feel that new games such as Insurgency improve upon the formula and offer a similar but richer experience.Counter-Strike is a good game that is past its time. The recent addition of weapon skins as prize drops does not improve it as much as it cheapens the overall experience.

As much fun as I've had playing Counter-Strike over the years, I now feel that new games such as Insurgency improve upon the formula and offer a similar but richer experience.Counter-Strike is a good game that is past its time. The recent addition of weapon skins as prize drops does not improve it as much as it cheapens the overall experience.

As much fun as I've had playing Counter-Strike over the years, I now feel that new games such as Insurgency improve upon the formula and offer a similar but richer experience.

I don't get why Valve doesn't just listen to it's players. I mean the game is made for us, right? The new update just completely destroyed the game, it's just no fun anymore. They need to set the competetive times to pro league standarts, give us an unranked comp mode and undo those stupid ak, m4 and pistol nerfs. Stop doing stupid updates Valve. Just ask us, I think we know pretty well what we want...I don't get why Valve doesn't just listen to it's players. I mean the game is made for us, right? The new update just completely destroyed the game, it's just no fun anymore. They need to set the competetive times to pro league standarts, give us an unranked comp mode and undo those stupid ak, m4 and pistol nerfs. Stop doing stupid updates Valve. Just ask us, I think we know pretty well what we want...I don't get why Valve doesn't just listen to it's players. I mean the game is made for us, right? The new update just completely destroyed the game, it's just no fun anymore. They need to set the competetive times to pro league standarts, give us an unranked comp mode and undo those stupid ak, m4 and pistol nerfs. Stop doing stupid updates Valve. Just ask us, I think we know pretty well what we want...I don't get why Valve doesn't just listen to it's players. I mean the game is made for us, right? The new update just completely destroyed the game, it's just no fun anymore. They need to set the competetive times to pro league standarts, give us an unranked comp mode and undo those stupid ak, m4 and pistol nerfs. Stop doing stupid updates Valve. Just ask us, I think we know pretty well what we want...I don't get why Valve doesn't just listen to it's players. I mean the game is made for us, right? The new update just completely destroyed the game, it's just no fun anymore. They need to set the competetive times to pro league standarts, give us an unranked comp mode and undo those stupid ak, m4 and pistol nerfs. Stop doing stupid updates Valve. Just ask us, I think we know pretty well what we want...I don't get why Valve doesn't just listen to it's players. I mean the game is made for us, right? The new update just completely destroyed the game, it's just no fun anymore. They need to set the competetive times to pro league standarts, give us an unranked comp mode and undo those stupid ak, m4 and pistol nerfs. Stop doing stupid updates Valve. Just ask us, I think we know pretty well what we want...

This game is full of a scumbag community. Sure, you might find one or two nice players but by and large the community is filled with the worst humanity has to offer. If you download, prepare to want to bang your head off a wall and cry simultaneously, because that is what the people here will drive you to...This game is full of a scumbag community. Sure, you might find one or two nice players but by and large the community is filled with the worst humanity has to offer. If you download, prepare to want to bang your head off a wall and cry simultaneously, because that is what the people here will drive you to...This game is full of a scumbag community. Sure, you might find one or two nice players but by and large the community is filled with the worst humanity has to offer. If you download, prepare to want to bang your head off a wall and cry simultaneously, because that is what the people here will drive you to...This game is full of a scumbag community. Sure, you might find one or two nice players but by and large the community is filled with the worst humanity has to offer. If you download, prepare to want to bang your head off a wall and cry simultaneously, because that is what the people here will drive you to...This game is full of a scumbag community. Sure, you might find one or two nice players but by and large the community is filled with the worst humanity has to offer. If you download, prepare to want to bang your head off a wall and cry simultaneously, because that is what the people here will drive you to...This game is full of a scumbag community. Sure, you might find one or two nice players but by and large the community is filled with the worst humanity has to offer. If you download, prepare to want to bang your head off a wall and cry simultaneously, because that is what the people here will drive you to...

Counter Strike: Global Offensive is one of those games that is kind of hard not to recommend. It's a solid shooter and it is cheap and looks really good for a game that runs on the Source engine. To new players CSGO may feel a little back to the basics" as this game does not have aiming down the sightCounter Strike: Global Offensive is one of those games that is kind of hard not to recommend. It's a solid shooter and it is cheap and looks really good for a game that runs on the Source engine. To new players CSGO may feel a little back to the basics" as this game does not have aiming down the sightCounter Strike: Global Offensive is one of those games that is kind of hard not to recommend. It's a solid shooter and it is cheap and looks really good for a game that runs on the Source engine. To new players CSGO may feel a little back to the basics" as this game does not have aiming down the sightCounter Strike: Global Offensive is one of those games that is kind of hard not to recommend. It's a solid shooter and it is cheap and looks really good for a game that runs on the Source engine. To new players CSGO may feel a little back to the basics" as this game does not have aiming down the sightCounter Strike: Global Offensive is one of those games that is kind of hard not to recommend. It's a solid shooter and it is cheap and looks really good for a game that runs on the Source engine. To new players CSGO may feel a little back to the basics" as this game does not have aiming down the sightCounter Strike: Global Offensive is one of those games that is kind of hard not to recommend. It's a solid shooter and it is cheap and looks really good for a game that runs on the Source engine. To new players CSGO may feel a little back to the basics" as this game does not have aiming down the sight

This game is full of a scumbag community. Sure, you might find one or two nice players but by and large the community is filled with the worst humanity has to offer. If you download, prepare to want to bang your head off a wall and cry simultaneously, because that is what the people here will drive you to...This game is full of a scumbag community. Sure, you might find one or two nice players but by and large the community is filled with the worst humanity has to offer. If you download, prepare to want to bang your head off a wall and cry simultaneously, because that is what the people here will drive you to...This game is full of a scumbag community. Sure, you might find one or two nice players but by and large the community is filled with the worst humanity has to offer. If you download, prepare to want to bang your head off a wall and cry simultaneously, because that is what the people here will drive you to...This game is full of a scumbag community. Sure, you might find one or two nice players but by and large the community is filled with the worst humanity has to offer. If you download, prepare to want to bang your head off a wall and cry simultaneously, because that is what the people here will drive you to...This game is full of a scumbag community. Sure, you might find one or two nice players but by and large the community is filled with the worst humanity has to offer. If you download, prepare to want to bang your head off a wall and cry simultaneously, because that is what the people here will drive you to...

R8 is a joke game is a joke now.R8 is a joke game is a joke now.R8 is a joke game is a joke now.R8 is a joke game is a joke now.R8 is a joke game is a joke now.

 game. Developers lack real world logic. game. Developers lack real world logic. game. Developers lack real world logic. game. Developers lack real world logic. game. Developers lack real world logic.

I have to say, Valve is turning this game into the Next Call of Duty. Why fix" it if it isnt Broken? I'm going back to CSS until they can prove to me they wont make a game and break something new every update."I have to say, Valve is turning this game into the Next Call of Duty. Why fix" it if it isnt Broken? I'm going back to CSS until they can prove to me they wont make a game and break something new every update."I have to say, Valve is turning this game into the Next Call of Duty. Why fix" it if it isnt Broken? I'm going back to CSS until they can prove to me they wont make a game and break something new every update."I have to say, Valve is turning this game into the Next Call of Duty. Why fix" it if it isnt Broken? I'm going back to CSS until they can prove to me they wont make a game and break something new every update."I have to say, Valve is turning this game into the Next Call of Duty. Why fix" it if it isnt Broken? I'm going back to CSS until they can prove to me they wont make a game and break something new every update."

Nothing eles to say, Everyone should just get this gameNothing eles to say, Everyone should just get this gameNothing eles to say, Everyone should just get this gameNothing eles to say, Everyone should just get this gameNothing eles to say, Everyone should just get this game

Great game, but it's full of cheaters so you can play the game. Just insert WH and aimbot for all players easier that way. Ty for great game, please update VAC volvo!Great game, but it's full of cheaters so you can play the game. Just insert WH and aimbot for all players easier that way. Ty for great game, please update VAC volvo!Great game, but it's full of cheaters so you can play the game. Just insert WH and aimbot for all players easier that way. Ty for great game, please update VAC volvo!Great game, but it's full of cheaters so you can play the game. Just insert WH and aimbot for all players easier that way. Ty for great game, please update VAC volvo!Great game, but it's full of cheaters so you can play the game. Just insert WH and aimbot for all players easier that way. Ty for great game, please update VAC volvo!

Csgo is one of those games I can not stop coming back to. I have played Counter Strike from WAN id's and dial up. The CS games have always had Cheaters, Csgo more so then others. I am sad to say even though I can not get enough of this game I will not recommend it until they figure away to lock out 99% of the cheaters. DO NOT BUY unless you want to experience anger and frustration in 70% of you're games. If not more.Csgo is one of those games I can not stop coming back to. I have played Counter Strike from WAN id's and dial up. The CS games have always had Cheaters, Csgo more so then others. I am sad to say even though I can not get enough of this game I will not recommend it until they figure away to lock out 99% of the cheaters. DO NOT BUY unless you want to experience anger and frustration in 70% of you're games. If not more.Csgo is one of those games I can not stop coming back to. I have played Counter Strike from WAN id's and dial up. The CS games have always had Cheaters, Csgo more so then others. I am sad to say even though I can not get enough of this game I will not recommend it until they figure away to lock out 99% of the cheaters. DO NOT BUY unless you want to experience anger and frustration in 70% of you're games. If not more.Csgo is one of those games I can not stop coming back to. I have played Counter Strike from WAN id's and dial up. The CS games have always had Cheaters, Csgo more so then others. I am sad to say even though I can not get enough of this game I will not recommend it until they figure away to lock out 99% of the cheaters. DO NOT BUY unless you want to experience anger and frustration in 70% of you're games. If not more.Csgo is one of those games I can not stop coming back to. I have played Counter Strike from WAN id's and dial up. The CS games have always had Cheaters, Csgo more so then others. I am sad to say even though I can not get enough of this game I will not recommend it until they figure away to lock out 99% of the cheaters. DO NOT BUY unless you want to experience anger and frustration in 70% of you're games. If not more.

Hilecilerle dolu bi oyun. Ruslardan sonra sra artk Almanlarda gibi hangi oyuna girsem bu tarz hileler denk gelmeye balad. rnek bir demo linkini paylayorum.  Ltfen hile oldugunu dndnz herkesi report edin bu tarz erefsiz ahsiyetsiz kiilere izin vermeyin. zin vermeyin ki herkes kendi hakkyla kendi bileiyle oynasn..

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8tCKY9LC0A

Bu adam report etmeme ramen, adamn profilinde bu vidyoyu paylamama ramen, adamn profilinden steam yneticilerine bu vidyo linki ile ikayet etmeme ramen bu adam hala oyun oynuyor ve bizim gibi bileiyle oynayan oyuncularn hakkn yiyor... Bu oyunu almadan nce 2 kez dnn....Hilecilerle dolu bi oyun. Ruslardan sonra sra artk Almanlarda gibi hangi oyuna girsem bu tarz hileler denk gelmeye balad. rnek bir demo linkini paylayorum.  Ltfen hile oldugunu dndnz herkesi report edin bu tarz erefsiz ahsiyetsiz kiilere izin vermeyin. zin vermeyin ki herkes kendi hakkyla kendi bileiyle oynasn..

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8tCKY9LC0A

Bu adam report etmeme ramen, adamn profilinde bu vidyoyu paylamama ramen, adamn profilinden steam yneticilerine bu vidyo linki ile ikayet etmeme ramen bu adam hala oyun oynuyor ve bizim gibi bileiyle oynayan oyuncularn hakkn yiyor... Bu oyunu almadan nce 2 kez dnn....Hilecilerle dolu bi oyun. Ruslardan sonra sra artk Almanlarda gibi hangi oyuna girsem bu tarz hileler denk gelmeye balad. rnek bir demo linkini paylayorum.  Ltfen hile oldugunu dndnz herkesi report edin bu tarz erefsiz ahsiyetsiz kiilere izin vermeyin. zin vermeyin ki herkes kendi hakkyla kendi bileiyle oynasn..

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8tCKY9LC0A

Bu adam report etmeme ramen, adamn profilinde bu vidyoyu paylamama ramen, adamn profilinden steam yneticilerine bu vidyo linki ile ikayet etmeme ramen bu adam hala oyun oynuyor ve bizim gibi bileiyle oynayan oyuncularn hakkn yiyor... Bu oyunu almadan nce 2 kez dnn....Hilecilerle dolu bi oyun. Ruslardan sonra sra artk Almanlarda gibi hangi oyuna girsem bu tarz hileler denk gelmeye balad. rnek bir demo linkini paylayorum.  Ltfen hile oldugunu dndnz herkesi report edin bu tarz erefsiz ahsiyetsiz kiilere izin vermeyin. zin vermeyin ki herkes kendi hakkyla kendi bileiyle oynasn..

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8tCKY9LC0A

Bu adam report etmeme ramen, adamn profilinde bu vidyoyu paylamama ramen, adamn profilinden steam yneticilerine bu vidyo linki ile ikayet etmeme ramen bu adam hala oyun oynuyor ve bizim gibi bileiyle oynayan oyuncularn hakkn yiyor... Bu oyunu almadan nce 2 kez dnn....Hilecilerle dolu bi oyun. Ruslardan sonra sra artk Almanlarda gibi hangi oyuna girsem bu tarz hileler denk gelmeye balad. rnek bir demo linkini paylayorum.  Ltfen hile oldugunu dndnz herkesi report edin bu tarz erefsiz ahsiyetsiz kiilere izin vermeyin. zin vermeyin ki herkes kendi hakkyla kendi bileiyle oynasn..

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8tCKY9LC0A

Bu adam report etmeme ramen, adamn profilinde bu vidyoyu paylamama ramen, adamn profilinden steam yneticilerine bu vidyo linki ile ikayet etmeme ramen bu adam hala oyun oynuyor ve bizim gibi bileiyle oynayan oyuncularn hakkn yiyor... Bu oyunu almadan nce 2 kez dnn....

Good game, graphics, physics everything here. Play with interest and pleasure, thank maker. Good game, graphics, physics everything here. Play with interest and pleasure, thank maker. Good game, graphics, physics everything here. Play with interest and pleasure, thank maker. Good game, graphics, physics everything here. Play with interest and pleasure, thank maker. Good game, graphics, physics everything here. Play with interest and pleasure, thank maker. 

Game is very fun and good, but i not recommend to buy this game because very very much people is hacking in this game, especially in matchmaking(MM). Dont buy it until valve not fix this massive cheaters problem. Peace.Game is very fun and good, but i not recommend to buy this game because very very much people is hacking in this game, especially in matchmaking(MM). Dont buy it until valve not fix this massive cheaters problem. Peace.Game is very fun and good, but i not recommend to buy this game because very very much people is hacking in this game, especially in matchmaking(MM). Dont buy it until valve not fix this massive cheaters problem. Peace.Game is very fun and good, but i not recommend to buy this game because very very much people is hacking in this game, especially in matchmaking(MM). Dont buy it until valve not fix this massive cheaters problem. Peace.Game is very fun and good, but i not recommend to buy this game because very very much people is hacking in this game, especially in matchmaking(MM). Dont buy it until valve not fix this massive cheaters problem. Peace.

this game is full of cheaters and kidsthis game is full of cheaters and kidsthis game is full of cheaters and kidsthis game is full of cheaters and kidsthis game is full of cheaters and kids

CS: GO makes my  tingle with pain. When I get a headshot I wince with a burning sensation in my testicles. I realized this game is not healthy to play, one reason being I recently installed a rop hanging from my ceiling just incase i get demoted to silver elite. My mom does not approve. Everytime I get killed I cut a little slit in my arm to hopefully teach me not to die. It has not been working and I have gone into a deep depression. I do not recemmend purchasing this game that infects you with a spite to kill yourself and other, and that creates a void that only gets filled from winning matches and getting promoted. But makes an even bigger void when you get demoted and lose. Please dont buy this game if you want a happy life free of suicidal thoughts.CS: GO makes my  tingle with pain. When I get a headshot I wince with a burning sensation in my testicles. I realized this game is not healthy to play, one reason being I recently installed a rop hanging from my ceiling just incase i get demoted to silver elite. My mom does not approve. Everytime I get killed I cut a little slit in my arm to hopefully teach me not to die. It has not been working and I have gone into a deep depression. I do not recemmend purchasing this game that infects you with a spite to kill yourself and other, and that creates a void that only gets filled from winning matches and getting promoted. But makes an even bigger void when you get demoted and lose. Please dont buy this game if you want a happy life free of suicidal thoughts.CS: GO makes my  tingle with pain. When I get a headshot I wince with a burning sensation in my testicles. I realized this game is not healthy to play, one reason being I recently installed a rop hanging from my ceiling just incase i get demoted to silver elite. My mom does not approve. Everytime I get killed I cut a little slit in my arm to hopefully teach me not to die. It has not been working and I have gone into a deep depression. I do not recemmend purchasing this game that infects you with a spite to kill yourself and other, and that creates a void that only gets filled from winning matches and getting promoted. But makes an even bigger void when you get demoted and lose. Please dont buy this game if you want a happy life free of suicidal thoughts.CS: GO makes my  tingle with pain. When I get a headshot I wince with a burning sensation in my testicles. I realized this game is not healthy to play, one reason being I recently installed a rop hanging from my ceiling just incase i get demoted to silver elite. My mom does not approve. Everytime I get killed I cut a little slit in my arm to hopefully teach me not to die. It has not been working and I have gone into a deep depression. I do not recemmend purchasing this game that infects you with a spite to kill yourself and other, and that creates a void that only gets filled from winning matches and getting promoted. But makes an even bigger void when you get demoted and lose. Please dont buy this game if you want a happy life free of suicidal thoughts.CS: GO makes my  tingle with pain. When I get a headshot I wince with a burning sensation in my testicles. I realized this game is not healthy to play, one reason being I recently installed a rop hanging from my ceiling just incase i get demoted to silver elite. My mom does not approve. Everytime I get killed I cut a little slit in my arm to hopefully teach me not to die. It has not been working and I have gone into a deep depression. I do not recemmend purchasing this game that infects you with a spite to kill yourself and other, and that creates a void that only gets filled from winning matches and getting promoted. But makes an even bigger void when you get demoted and lose. Please dont buy this game if you want a happy life free of suicidal thoughts.

 - ,   .    ,   .          .          ,   .   .      CS:GO  ! - ,   .    ,   .          .          ,   .   .      CS:GO  ! - ,   .    ,   .          .          ,   .   .      CS:GO  ! - ,   .    ,   .          .          ,   .   .      CS:GO  ! - ,   .    ,   .          .          ,   .   .      CS:GO  !

This game is absolutely amazing. Takes just about everything from the original Counter-Strikes and rolls them all in to one great game while keeping the nostalgia intact. This is truly a game of skill. There is no other game like it.This game is absolutely amazing. Takes just about everything from the original Counter-Strikes and rolls them all in to one great game while keeping the nostalgia intact. This is truly a game of skill. There is no other game like it.This game is absolutely amazing. Takes just about everything from the original Counter-Strikes and rolls them all in to one great game while keeping the nostalgia intact. This is truly a game of skill. There is no other game like it.This game is absolutely amazing. Takes just about everything from the original Counter-Strikes and rolls them all in to one great game while keeping the nostalgia intact. This is truly a game of skill. There is no other game like it.This game is absolutely amazing. Takes just about everything from the original Counter-Strikes and rolls them all in to one great game while keeping the nostalgia intact. This is truly a game of skill. There is no other game like it.

Featuring:
- learning Russian (swear words) after 5 competitive matches
- Maps like dust2, dust2 and dust2
- Case drops that make you buy keys for 2 to get a skin worth 0,02
- Hackreporting while raging
- Getting called noob/hacker
- Russians
- Chickenchasing
- 200 virtual Knives
- MM Bans because Connection failed"
- getting deranked
- Raging included
- and Russians

10/10
"Featuring:
- learning Russian (swear words) after 5 competitive matches
- Maps like dust2, dust2 and dust2
- Case drops that make you buy keys for 2 to get a skin worth 0,02
- Hackreporting while raging
- Getting called noob/hacker
- Russians
- Chickenchasing
- 200 virtual Knives
- MM Bans because Connection failed"
- getting deranked
- Raging included
- and Russians

10/10
"Featuring:
- learning Russian (swear words) after 5 competitive matches
- Maps like dust2, dust2 and dust2
- Case drops that make you buy keys for 2 to get a skin worth 0,02
- Hackreporting while raging
- Getting called noob/hacker
- Russians
- Chickenchasing
- 200 virtual Knives
- MM Bans because Connection failed"
- getting deranked
- Raging included
- and Russians

10/10
"Featuring:
- learning Russian (swear words) after 5 competitive matches
- Maps like dust2, dust2 and dust2
- Case drops that make you buy keys for 2 to get a skin worth 0,02
- Hackreporting while raging
- Getting called noob/hacker
- Russians
- Chickenchasing
- 200 virtual Knives
- MM Bans because Connection failed"
- getting deranked
- Raging included
- and Russians

10/10
"Featuring:
- learning Russian (swear words) after 5 competitive matches
- Maps like dust2, dust2 and dust2
- Case drops that make you buy keys for 2 to get a skin worth 0,02
- Hackreporting while raging
- Getting called noob/hacker
- Russians
- Chickenchasing
- 200 virtual Knives
- MM Bans because Connection failed"
- getting deranked
- Raging included
- and Russians

10/10
"

When I first saw this game, then I thought that this game is going to suck. Oh how I was wrong.
I really enjoy playing this game.
I like the fact, that there are some new weapons and that you can purchase skins for all weapons. The new buy menu however is quite unfamiliar, but I guess that's a thing I must get used to.

Call me old-fashioned, but in my opinion, 1.6 is still better! ==)When I first saw this game, then I thought that this game is going to suck. Oh how I was wrong.
I really enjoy playing this game.
I like the fact, that there are some new weapons and that you can purchase skins for all weapons. The new buy menu however is quite unfamiliar, but I guess that's a thing I must get used to.

Call me old-fashioned, but in my opinion, 1.6 is still better! ==)When I first saw this game, then I thought that this game is going to suck. Oh how I was wrong.
I really enjoy playing this game.
I like the fact, that there are some new weapons and that you can purchase skins for all weapons. The new buy menu however is quite unfamiliar, but I guess that's a thing I must get used to.

Call me old-fashioned, but in my opinion, 1.6 is still better! ==)When I first saw this game, then I thought that this game is going to suck. Oh how I was wrong.
I really enjoy playing this game.
I like the fact, that there are some new weapons and that you can purchase skins for all weapons. The new buy menu however is quite unfamiliar, but I guess that's a thing I must get used to.

Call me old-fashioned, but in my opinion, 1.6 is still better! ==)When I first saw this game, then I thought that this game is going to suck. Oh how I was wrong.
I really enjoy playing this game.
I like the fact, that there are some new weapons and that you can purchase skins for all weapons. The new buy menu however is quite unfamiliar, but I guess that's a thing I must get used to.

Call me old-fashioned, but in my opinion, 1.6 is still better! ==)

Awesome!Awesome!Awesome!Awesome!Awesome!

This is quite an enjoyable game. Driving through detailed environment is beautiful. As you progress through the game, you build up your truckers to work for your company, etc. It's a pretty deep experience.This is quite an enjoyable game. Driving through detailed environment is beautiful. As you progress through the game, you build up your truckers to work for your company, etc. It's a pretty deep experience.This is quite an enjoyable game. Driving through detailed environment is beautiful. As you progress through the game, you build up your truckers to work for your company, etc. It's a pretty deep experience.This is quite an enjoyable game. Driving through detailed environment is beautiful. As you progress through the game, you build up your truckers to work for your company, etc. It's a pretty deep experience.This is quite an enjoyable game. Driving through detailed environment is beautiful. As you progress through the game, you build up your truckers to work for your company, etc. It's a pretty deep experience.

I put a lot of time into this game and I got pretty decent at it, but it got to a point where victories were no longer satisfying and losses were usually the results of really salty teammates or smurfing/scripting enemies. I have over 300 hours and I paid $15 for the game, so I no doubt got my money's worth, but half of it wasn't even enjoyable. It really comes down to what kind of matches you get put in, but I think you'll find yourself getting annoyed with the game more than enjoying it past a certain point.I put a lot of time into this game and I got pretty decent at it, but it got to a point where victories were no longer satisfying and losses were usually the results of really salty teammates or smurfing/scripting enemies. I have over 300 hours and I paid $15 for the game, so I no doubt got my money's worth, but half of it wasn't even enjoyable. It really comes down to what kind of matches you get put in, but I think you'll find yourself getting annoyed with the game more than enjoying it past a certain point.I put a lot of time into this game and I got pretty decent at it, but it got to a point where victories were no longer satisfying and losses were usually the results of really salty teammates or smurfing/scripting enemies. I have over 300 hours and I paid $15 for the game, so I no doubt got my money's worth, but half of it wasn't even enjoyable. It really comes down to what kind of matches you get put in, but I think you'll find yourself getting annoyed with the game more than enjoying it past a certain point.I put a lot of time into this game and I got pretty decent at it, but it got to a point where victories were no longer satisfying and losses were usually the results of really salty teammates or smurfing/scripting enemies. I have over 300 hours and I paid $15 for the game, so I no doubt got my money's worth, but half of it wasn't even enjoyable. It really comes down to what kind of matches you get put in, but I think you'll find yourself getting annoyed with the game more than enjoying it past a certain point.I put a lot of time into this game and I got pretty decent at it, but it got to a point where victories were no longer satisfying and losses were usually the results of really salty teammates or smurfing/scripting enemies. I have over 300 hours and I paid $15 for the game, so I no doubt got my money's worth, but half of it wasn't even enjoyable. It really comes down to what kind of matches you get put in, but I think you'll find yourself getting annoyed with the game more than enjoying it past a certain point.

GO is gonna be legendary waitforit :DGO is gonna be legendary waitforit :DGO is gonna be legendary waitforit :DGO is gonna be legendary waitforit :DGO is gonna be legendary waitforit :D

I've had this game since Operation Bloodhound and I still don't how to explain this game, except with the few words: plain fun.

I have had a lot of great moments in the game, including meeting many of the people I know today. The controls are orderly, the look is clean. Though the community may be generally cancerous, I have meet and seen people who aren't.

The fact that operations are also optional,, also is very nice, because unlike other shooters, this game still allows you to enjoy the maps without the pass.

And the developers, whom are some of the best listeners ever, attending to (almost) every bug and detail, and constantly updating the game.

I definitely will play more in the future with no plan on stopping.I've had this game since Operation Bloodhound and I still don't how to explain this game, except with the few words: plain fun.

I have had a lot of great moments in the game, including meeting many of the people I know today. The controls are orderly, the look is clean. Though the community may be generally cancerous, I have meet and seen people who aren't.

The fact that operations are also optional,, also is very nice, because unlike other shooters, this game still allows you to enjoy the maps without the pass.

And the developers, whom are some of the best listeners ever, attending to (almost) every bug and detail, and constantly updating the game.

I definitely will play more in the future with no plan on stopping.I've had this game since Operation Bloodhound and I still don't how to explain this game, except with the few words: plain fun.

I have had a lot of great moments in the game, including meeting many of the people I know today. The controls are orderly, the look is clean. Though the community may be generally cancerous, I have meet and seen people who aren't.

The fact that operations are also optional,, also is very nice, because unlike other shooters, this game still allows you to enjoy the maps without the pass.

And the developers, whom are some of the best listeners ever, attending to (almost) every bug and detail, and constantly updating the game.

I definitely will play more in the future with no plan on stopping.I've had this game since Operation Bloodhound and I still don't how to explain this game, except with the few words: plain fun.

I have had a lot of great moments in the game, including meeting many of the people I know today. The controls are orderly, the look is clean. Though the community may be generally cancerous, I have meet and seen people who aren't.

The fact that operations are also optional,, also is very nice, because unlike other shooters, this game still allows you to enjoy the maps without the pass.

And the developers, whom are some of the best listeners ever, attending to (almost) every bug and detail, and constantly updating the game.

I definitely will play more in the future with no plan on stopping.I've had this game since Operation Bloodhound and I still don't how to explain this game, except with the few words: plain fun.

I have had a lot of great moments in the game, including meeting many of the people I know today. The controls are orderly, the look is clean. Though the community may be generally cancerous, I have meet and seen people who aren't.

The fact that operations are also optional,, also is very nice, because unlike other shooters, this game still allows you to enjoy the maps without the pass.

And the developers, whom are some of the best listeners ever, attending to (almost) every bug and detail, and constantly updating the game.

I definitely will play more in the future with no plan on stopping.

See, we can't make fun of silvers anymore because EVERYONE is a silver
See, we can't make fun of silvers anymore because EVERYONE is a silver
See, we can't make fun of silvers anymore because EVERYONE is a silver
See, we can't make fun of silvers anymore because EVERYONE is a silver
See, we can't make fun of silvers anymore because EVERYONE is a silver


Amazing game. Good matchmaking, good servers. Nothing more to say: BUY IT.Amazing game. Good matchmaking, good servers. Nothing more to say: BUY IT.Amazing game. Good matchmaking, good servers. Nothing more to say: BUY IT.Amazing game. Good matchmaking, good servers. Nothing more to say: BUY IT.Amazing game. Good matchmaking, good servers. Nothing more to say: BUY IT.

I hate this game. How do I stop playing it?I hate this game. How do I stop playing it?I hate this game. How do I stop playing it?I hate this game. How do I stop playing it?I hate this game. How do I stop playing it?

Me: PEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEW
***awkward silence***
Other Player: pew.
***you are dead***Me: PEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEW
***awkward silence***
Other Player: pew.
***you are dead***Me: PEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEW
***awkward silence***
Other Player: pew.
***you are dead***Me: PEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEW
***awkward silence***
Other Player: pew.
***you are dead***Me: PEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEWPEW
***awkward silence***
Other Player: pew.
***you are dead***

I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe for pancakes instead:

1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 1/4 cups milk
1 egg
3 tablespoons butter, melted

1. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth.

2. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.
I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe for pancakes instead:

1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 1/4 cups milk
1 egg
3 tablespoons butter, melted

1. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth.

2. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.
I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe for pancakes instead:

1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 1/4 cups milk
1 egg
3 tablespoons butter, melted

1. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth.

2. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.
I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe for pancakes instead:

1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 1/4 cups milk
1 egg
3 tablespoons butter, melted

1. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth.

2. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.
I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe for pancakes instead:

1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
3 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon white sugar
1 1/4 cups milk
1 egg
3 tablespoons butter, melted

1. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth.

2. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.


After December 2015 update , this game became unplayable , it's now Call of Juarez with  RNG and tons of less skill. The sad thing is this game was all about skill and 0 about RNG just 3 days before this review.After December 2015 update , this game became unplayable , it's now Call of Juarez with  RNG and tons of less skill. The sad thing is this game was all about skill and 0 about RNG just 3 days before this review.After December 2015 update , this game became unplayable , it's now Call of Juarez with  RNG and tons of less skill. The sad thing is this game was all about skill and 0 about RNG just 3 days before this review.After December 2015 update , this game became unplayable , it's now Call of Juarez with  RNG and tons of less skill. The sad thing is this game was all about skill and 0 about RNG just 3 days before this review.After December 2015 update , this game became unplayable , it's now Call of Juarez with  RNG and tons of less skill. The sad thing is this game was all about skill and 0 about RNG just 3 days before this review.

I mean it's okay i guessI mean it's okay i guessI mean it's okay i guessI mean it's okay i guessI mean it's okay i guess

this game taught me how to open cases.this game taught me how to open cases.this game taught me how to open cases.this game taught me how to open cases.this game taught me how to open cases.

Counter Strike is one of those games where no matter how much you play it you never have the same encounters. It is fun and thrilling and should be Game of The Year every year!Counter Strike is one of those games where no matter how much you play it you never have the same encounters. It is fun and thrilling and should be Game of The Year every year!Counter Strike is one of those games where no matter how much you play it you never have the same encounters. It is fun and thrilling and should be Game of The Year every year!Counter Strike is one of those games where no matter how much you play it you never have the same encounters. It is fun and thrilling and should be Game of The Year every year!Counter Strike is one of those games where no matter how much you play it you never have the same encounters. It is fun and thrilling and should be Game of The Year every year!

Hats everywhereHats everywhereHats everywhereHats everywhereHats everywhere

Rate 10/10 for learning Russian and Polish.Rate 10/10 for learning Russian and Polish.Rate 10/10 for learning Russian and Polish.Rate 10/10 for learning Russian and Polish.Rate 10/10 for learning Russian and Polish.

Counter Strike is one of those games where no matter how much you play it you never have the same encounters. It is fun and thrilling and should be Game of The Year every year!Counter Strike is one of those games where no matter how much you play it you never have the same encounters. It is fun and thrilling and should be Game of The Year every year!Counter Strike is one of those games where no matter how much you play it you never have the same encounters. It is fun and thrilling and should be Game of The Year every year!Counter Strike is one of those games where no matter how much you play it you never have the same encounters. It is fun and thrilling and should be Game of The Year every year!Counter Strike is one of those games where no matter how much you play it you never have the same encounters. It is fun and thrilling and should be Game of The Year every year!

One of the worst communities in gaming. Griefers, cheaters, squeaky kids, flamers... Theres every type of  that you could possible think of. Every 4th match is a cheater, every 2nd match u get griefers and every single, i mean EVERY single ing match you'll see a flamer in your team constantly trying to kick you or just bully you into leaving by abusing the voice chat. The reasons that you can get kicked in competitive matches are so immature and sad that it's become a serious problem:
1.Ofc if you have the lowest score in the first 4 rounds they won't hesitate to vote kick you (even if your score is just 1 or 2 below theirs)
2.If you have the least amount of kills. Degenerates don't ing get that, in a 5v5 match, there's always going to be someone on the bottom of the scoreboard.
3.My personal favorite, if you dont use one of the following weapons: M4, AK47, AWP chances are pretty high you're going to get voted off regardless of your score.
4.Along with these, every -up in terms of losing the round for your team (failed bomb defuse, failed plant, especially if you fail a 1v1, etc etc)
Bottom line is that the community is dogshit and the only way to enjoy the game is if you have a 4 or 5-man party.Any lower than that you are gonna be paired with one of the mentioned dip.
The rest of the game is , only the competitive part can be interesting and fun so if you dont have friends who play CS GO i would recommend you to stay as far away from this piece of  community as you possibly can.
6/10year olds.One of the worst communities in gaming. Griefers, cheaters, squeaky kids, flamers... Theres every type of  that you could possible think of. Every 4th match is a cheater, every 2nd match u get griefers and every single, i mean EVERY single ing match you'll see a flamer in your team constantly trying to kick you or just bully you into leaving by abusing the voice chat. The reasons that you can get kicked in competitive matches are so immature and sad that it's become a serious problem:
1.Ofc if you have the lowest score in the first 4 rounds they won't hesitate to vote kick you (even if your score is just 1 or 2 below theirs)
2.If you have the least amount of kills. Degenerates don't ing get that, in a 5v5 match, there's always going to be someone on the bottom of the scoreboard.
3.My personal favorite, if you dont use one of the following weapons: M4, AK47, AWP chances are pretty high you're going to get voted off regardless of your score.
4.Along with these, every -up in terms of losing the round for your team (failed bomb defuse, failed plant, especially if you fail a 1v1, etc etc)
Bottom line is that the community is dogshit and the only way to enjoy the game is if you have a 4 or 5-man party.Any lower than that you are gonna be paired with one of the mentioned dip.
The rest of the game is , only the competitive part can be interesting and fun so if you dont have friends who play CS GO i would recommend you to stay as far away from this piece of  community as you possibly can.
6/10year olds.One of the worst communities in gaming. Griefers, cheaters, squeaky kids, flamers... Theres every type of  that you could possible think of. Every 4th match is a cheater, every 2nd match u get griefers and every single, i mean EVERY single ing match you'll see a flamer in your team constantly trying to kick you or just bully you into leaving by abusing the voice chat. The reasons that you can get kicked in competitive matches are so immature and sad that it's become a serious problem:
1.Ofc if you have the lowest score in the first 4 rounds they won't hesitate to vote kick you (even if your score is just 1 or 2 below theirs)
2.If you have the least amount of kills. Degenerates don't ing get that, in a 5v5 match, there's always going to be someone on the bottom of the scoreboard.
3.My personal favorite, if you dont use one of the following weapons: M4, AK47, AWP chances are pretty high you're going to get voted off regardless of your score.
4.Along with these, every -up in terms of losing the round for your team (failed bomb defuse, failed plant, especially if you fail a 1v1, etc etc)
Bottom line is that the community is dogshit and the only way to enjoy the game is if you have a 4 or 5-man party.Any lower than that you are gonna be paired with one of the mentioned dip.
The rest of the game is , only the competitive part can be interesting and fun so if you dont have friends who play CS GO i would recommend you to stay as far away from this piece of  community as you possibly can.
6/10year olds.One of the worst communities in gaming. Griefers, cheaters, squeaky kids, flamers... Theres every type of  that you could possible think of. Every 4th match is a cheater, every 2nd match u get griefers and every single, i mean EVERY single ing match you'll see a flamer in your team constantly trying to kick you or just bully you into leaving by abusing the voice chat. The reasons that you can get kicked in competitive matches are so immature and sad that it's become a serious problem:
1.Ofc if you have the lowest score in the first 4 rounds they won't hesitate to vote kick you (even if your score is just 1 or 2 below theirs)
2.If you have the least amount of kills. Degenerates don't ing get that, in a 5v5 match, there's always going to be someone on the bottom of the scoreboard.
3.My personal favorite, if you dont use one of the following weapons: M4, AK47, AWP chances are pretty high you're going to get voted off regardless of your score.
4.Along with these, every -up in terms of losing the round for your team (failed bomb defuse, failed plant, especially if you fail a 1v1, etc etc)
Bottom line is that the community is dogshit and the only way to enjoy the game is if you have a 4 or 5-man party.Any lower than that you are gonna be paired with one of the mentioned dip.
The rest of the game is , only the competitive part can be interesting and fun so if you dont have friends who play CS GO i would recommend you to stay as far away from this piece of  community as you possibly can.
6/10year olds.One of the worst communities in gaming. Griefers, cheaters, squeaky kids, flamers... Theres every type of  that you could possible think of. Every 4th match is a cheater, every 2nd match u get griefers and every single, i mean EVERY single ing match you'll see a flamer in your team constantly trying to kick you or just bully you into leaving by abusing the voice chat. The reasons that you can get kicked in competitive matches are so immature and sad that it's become a serious problem:
1.Ofc if you have the lowest score in the first 4 rounds they won't hesitate to vote kick you (even if your score is just 1 or 2 below theirs)
2.If you have the least amount of kills. Degenerates don't ing get that, in a 5v5 match, there's always going to be someone on the bottom of the scoreboard.
3.My personal favorite, if you dont use one of the following weapons: M4, AK47, AWP chances are pretty high you're going to get voted off regardless of your score.
4.Along with these, every -up in terms of losing the round for your team (failed bomb defuse, failed plant, especially if you fail a 1v1, etc etc)
Bottom line is that the community is dogshit and the only way to enjoy the game is if you have a 4 or 5-man party.Any lower than that you are gonna be paired with one of the mentioned dip.
The rest of the game is , only the competitive part can be interesting and fun so if you dont have friends who play CS GO i would recommend you to stay as far away from this piece of  community as you possibly can.
6/10year olds.

This game was very good yesterday. But tooday i logged in and saw a patch and i tought too myself. Wow a new patch I wonder what it can be?". Only too realise that valve destroyed the recoile. And they allso made the most OP gun for only 850$. And on top of that they five seven and tec-9 unplayable. I have pot 950 h into this game. I will never regret them. But there will unfortunaly be no more untill they get back the game I once loved. valve pls fix.
#RIP CS GO 2K15
rip ingles"This game was very good yesterday. But tooday i logged in and saw a patch and i tought too myself. Wow a new patch I wonder what it can be?". Only too realise that valve destroyed the recoile. And they allso made the most OP gun for only 850$. And on top of that they five seven and tec-9 unplayable. I have pot 950 h into this game. I will never regret them. But there will unfortunaly be no more untill they get back the game I once loved. valve pls fix.
#RIP CS GO 2K15
rip ingles"This game was very good yesterday. But tooday i logged in and saw a patch and i tought too myself. Wow a new patch I wonder what it can be?". Only too realise that valve destroyed the recoile. And they allso made the most OP gun for only 850$. And on top of that they five seven and tec-9 unplayable. I have pot 950 h into this game. I will never regret them. But there will unfortunaly be no more untill they get back the game I once loved. valve pls fix.
#RIP CS GO 2K15
rip ingles"This game was very good yesterday. But tooday i logged in and saw a patch and i tought too myself. Wow a new patch I wonder what it can be?". Only too realise that valve destroyed the recoile. And they allso made the most OP gun for only 850$. And on top of that they five seven and tec-9 unplayable. I have pot 950 h into this game. I will never regret them. But there will unfortunaly be no more untill they get back the game I once loved. valve pls fix.
#RIP CS GO 2K15
rip ingles"This game was very good yesterday. But tooday i logged in and saw a patch and i tought too myself. Wow a new patch I wonder what it can be?". Only too realise that valve destroyed the recoile. And they allso made the most OP gun for only 850$. And on top of that they five seven and tec-9 unplayable. I have pot 950 h into this game. I will never regret them. But there will unfortunaly be no more untill they get back the game I once loved. valve pls fix.
#RIP CS GO 2K15
rip ingles"

very good game but sadly valve developers do alot of psychedelic drugs and ruined it with their pathetic updates while highvery good game but sadly valve developers do alot of psychedelic drugs and ruined it with their pathetic updates while highvery good game but sadly valve developers do alot of psychedelic drugs and ruined it with their pathetic updates while highvery good game but sadly valve developers do alot of psychedelic drugs and ruined it with their pathetic updates while highvery good game but sadly valve developers do alot of psychedelic drugs and ruined it with their pathetic updates while high

i want to diedi want to diedi want to diedi want to diedi want to died

One of the most addicting and fun games to play to date! :) Always keeps updating,new skins are being added.
And you will spend many many hours in :) just keep in mind when buying it it's competetive and people can and will probably yell at you for the silliest things ever.One of the most addicting and fun games to play to date! :) Always keeps updating,new skins are being added.
And you will spend many many hours in :) just keep in mind when buying it it's competetive and people can and will probably yell at you for the silliest things ever.One of the most addicting and fun games to play to date! :) Always keeps updating,new skins are being added.
And you will spend many many hours in :) just keep in mind when buying it it's competetive and people can and will probably yell at you for the silliest things ever.One of the most addicting and fun games to play to date! :) Always keeps updating,new skins are being added.
And you will spend many many hours in :) just keep in mind when buying it it's competetive and people can and will probably yell at you for the silliest things ever.One of the most addicting and fun games to play to date! :) Always keeps updating,new skins are being added.
And you will spend many many hours in :) just keep in mind when buying it it's competetive and people can and will probably yell at you for the silliest things ever.

Game went to complete  when they added the r8 updateGame went to complete  when they added the r8 updateGame went to complete  when they added the r8 updateGame went to complete  when they added the r8 updateGame went to complete  when they added the r8 update

The R8 revolver broke the game D: fix it gabenThe R8 revolver broke the game D: fix it gabenThe R8 revolver broke the game D: fix it gabenThe R8 revolver broke the game D: fix it gabenThe R8 revolver broke the game D: fix it gaben

Best FPS <3Best FPS <3Best FPS <3Best FPS <3Best FPS <3

The only thing this competitive game has that compares to call of duty is it's FPS aspect and a few of the guns. Otherwise, it's an upgrade to the original Counter Strike, 1.6, and source with a few additional game modes and better graphics. What I like about this game above it's predecessors is it's offline bots. The dedicated fans that have been playing CS for multiple years makes the online multiplayer very difficult (which is a good thing). So, what I like about this game is the offline bot mode, which allows people who buy this game to enjoy a little pwnage (or challenge when they crank up the difficulty to veteran) when they can't get it online. Also, everyone has an equal chance, not thrown off by prestiging or leveling up, which adds balance.Overall, it's a fun, challenging, and addicting game -- I'd recommend it to all gamers! Especially those who enjoy a good FPS.The only thing this competitive game has that compares to call of duty is it's FPS aspect and a few of the guns. Otherwise, it's an upgrade to the original Counter Strike, 1.6, and source with a few additional game modes and better graphics. What I like about this game above it's predecessors is it's offline bots. The dedicated fans that have been playing CS for multiple years makes the online multiplayer very difficult (which is a good thing). So, what I like about this game is the offline bot mode, which allows people who buy this game to enjoy a little pwnage (or challenge when they crank up the difficulty to veteran) when they can't get it online. Also, everyone has an equal chance, not thrown off by prestiging or leveling up, which adds balance.Overall, it's a fun, challenging, and addicting game -- I'd recommend it to all gamers! Especially those who enjoy a good FPS.The only thing this competitive game has that compares to call of duty is it's FPS aspect and a few of the guns. Otherwise, it's an upgrade to the original Counter Strike, 1.6, and source with a few additional game modes and better graphics. What I like about this game above it's predecessors is it's offline bots. The dedicated fans that have been playing CS for multiple years makes the online multiplayer very difficult (which is a good thing). So, what I like about this game is the offline bot mode, which allows people who buy this game to enjoy a little pwnage (or challenge when they crank up the difficulty to veteran) when they can't get it online. Also, everyone has an equal chance, not thrown off by prestiging or leveling up, which adds balance.Overall, it's a fun, challenging, and addicting game -- I'd recommend it to all gamers! Especially those who enjoy a good FPS.The only thing this competitive game has that compares to call of duty is it's FPS aspect and a few of the guns. Otherwise, it's an upgrade to the original Counter Strike, 1.6, and source with a few additional game modes and better graphics. What I like about this game above it's predecessors is it's offline bots. The dedicated fans that have been playing CS for multiple years makes the online multiplayer very difficult (which is a good thing). So, what I like about this game is the offline bot mode, which allows people who buy this game to enjoy a little pwnage (or challenge when they crank up the difficulty to veteran) when they can't get it online. Also, everyone has an equal chance, not thrown off by prestiging or leveling up, which adds balance.Overall, it's a fun, challenging, and addicting game -- I'd recommend it to all gamers! Especially those who enjoy a good FPS.The only thing this competitive game has that compares to call of duty is it's FPS aspect and a few of the guns. Otherwise, it's an upgrade to the original Counter Strike, 1.6, and source with a few additional game modes and better graphics. What I like about this game above it's predecessors is it's offline bots. The dedicated fans that have been playing CS for multiple years makes the online multiplayer very difficult (which is a good thing). So, what I like about this game is the offline bot mode, which allows people who buy this game to enjoy a little pwnage (or challenge when they crank up the difficulty to veteran) when they can't get it online. Also, everyone has an equal chance, not thrown off by prestiging or leveling up, which adds balance.Overall, it's a fun, challenging, and addicting game -- I'd recommend it to all gamers! Especially those who enjoy a good FPS.

Everyone just calls me a gay  and bullies me 2/10 bad communityEveryone just calls me a gay  and bullies me 2/10 bad communityEveryone just calls me a gay  and bullies me 2/10 bad communityEveryone just calls me a gay  and bullies me 2/10 bad communityEveryone just calls me a gay  and bullies me 2/10 bad community

EDIT: Great game, for sure, and I'm still playing it... but jesus christ do something about smurfers!

Smurfers. My biggest gripe with this game and the reason why I downvote it. I lost count on how many times I got matched against low-life smurfers in higher ranks (who all have 30-40h of playtime or private profile or lvl 1 and only csgo in games list") playing like e-Sports playersEDIT: Great game, for sure, and I'm still playing it... but jesus christ do something about smurfers!

Smurfers. My biggest gripe with this game and the reason why I downvote it. I lost count on how many times I got matched against low-life smurfers in higher ranks (who all have 30-40h of playtime or private profile or lvl 1 and only csgo in games list") playing like e-Sports playersEDIT: Great game, for sure, and I'm still playing it... but jesus christ do something about smurfers!

Smurfers. My biggest gripe with this game and the reason why I downvote it. I lost count on how many times I got matched against low-life smurfers in higher ranks (who all have 30-40h of playtime or private profile or lvl 1 and only csgo in games list") playing like e-Sports playersEDIT: Great game, for sure, and I'm still playing it... but jesus christ do something about smurfers!

Smurfers. My biggest gripe with this game and the reason why I downvote it. I lost count on how many times I got matched against low-life smurfers in higher ranks (who all have 30-40h of playtime or private profile or lvl 1 and only csgo in games list") playing like e-Sports playersEDIT: Great game, for sure, and I'm still playing it... but jesus christ do something about smurfers!

Smurfers. My biggest gripe with this game and the reason why I downvote it. I lost count on how many times I got matched against low-life smurfers in higher ranks (who all have 30-40h of playtime or private profile or lvl 1 and only csgo in games list") playing like e-Sports players

J: gaben
J: just
J: ed
J: up
J: csgo
Asuna: I know
Asuna: I quit the game already.
J: w
J: t
J: f
J: uninstalling
J: I was defusing without hands since 1999
J: and now wtf
J: gaben
J: just
J: ed
J: up
J: csgo
Asuna: I know
Asuna: I quit the game already.
J: w
J: t
J: f
J: uninstalling
J: I was defusing without hands since 1999
J: and now wtf
J: gaben
J: just
J: ed
J: up
J: csgo
Asuna: I know
Asuna: I quit the game already.
J: w
J: t
J: f
J: uninstalling
J: I was defusing without hands since 1999
J: and now wtf
J: gaben
J: just
J: ed
J: up
J: csgo
Asuna: I know
Asuna: I quit the game already.
J: w
J: t
J: f
J: uninstalling
J: I was defusing without hands since 1999
J: and now wtf
J: gaben
J: just
J: ed
J: up
J: csgo
Asuna: I know
Asuna: I quit the game already.
J: w
J: t
J: f
J: uninstalling
J: I was defusing without hands since 1999
J: and now wtf


Eat. Sleep. Game. Repeat.Eat. Sleep. Game. Repeat.Eat. Sleep. Game. Repeat.Eat. Sleep. Game. Repeat.Eat. Sleep. Game. Repeat.

 .
    .
  .
 .
   ,             .

     . .
    .
  .
 .
   ,             .

     . .
    .
  .
 .
   ,             .

     . .
    .
  .
 .
   ,             .

     . .
    .
  .
 .
   ,             .

     .

CSGO>CODCSGO>CODCSGO>CODCSGO>CODCSGO>COD

So the game Was amazing good Fun But Since the R8 Was added it turend into COMPLETE T THAT GUN IS SO BROKEN YOU CAN CLEAR A WHOLE TEAM WITH 1 MAG PLS ING NERF THAT GUNSo the game Was amazing good Fun But Since the R8 Was added it turend into COMPLETE T THAT GUN IS SO BROKEN YOU CAN CLEAR A WHOLE TEAM WITH 1 MAG PLS ING NERF THAT GUNSo the game Was amazing good Fun But Since the R8 Was added it turend into COMPLETE T THAT GUN IS SO BROKEN YOU CAN CLEAR A WHOLE TEAM WITH 1 MAG PLS ING NERF THAT GUNSo the game Was amazing good Fun But Since the R8 Was added it turend into COMPLETE T THAT GUN IS SO BROKEN YOU CAN CLEAR A WHOLE TEAM WITH 1 MAG PLS ING NERF THAT GUNSo the game Was amazing good Fun But Since the R8 Was added it turend into COMPLETE T THAT GUN IS SO BROKEN YOU CAN CLEAR A WHOLE TEAM WITH 1 MAG PLS ING NERF THAT GUN

I hate it, took my virginityI hate it, took my virginityI hate it, took my virginityI hate it, took my virginityI hate it, took my virginity

So the game Was amazing good Fun But Since the R8 Was added it turend into COMPLETE T THAT GUN IS SO BROKEN YOU CAN CLEAR A WHOLE TEAM WITH 1 MAG PLS ING NERF THAT GUNSo the game Was amazing good Fun But Since the R8 Was added it turend into COMPLETE T THAT GUN IS SO BROKEN YOU CAN CLEAR A WHOLE TEAM WITH 1 MAG PLS ING NERF THAT GUNSo the game Was amazing good Fun But Since the R8 Was added it turend into COMPLETE T THAT GUN IS SO BROKEN YOU CAN CLEAR A WHOLE TEAM WITH 1 MAG PLS ING NERF THAT GUNSo the game Was amazing good Fun But Since the R8 Was added it turend into COMPLETE T THAT GUN IS SO BROKEN YOU CAN CLEAR A WHOLE TEAM WITH 1 MAG PLS ING NERF THAT GUN

Before the latest update, I recommended it. There are three things that I cannot recommend.
1,R8revolver's damage
2,R8revolver's cost
3,R8revolver's number of clips
In conclusion, plz remove or nerf the R8revolver.Before the latest update, I recommended it. There are three things that I cannot recommend.
1,R8revolver's damage
2,R8revolver's cost
3,R8revolver's number of clips
In conclusion, plz remove or nerf the R8revolver.Before the latest update, I recommended it. There are three things that I cannot recommend.
1,R8revolver's damage
2,R8revolver's cost
3,R8revolver's number of clips
In conclusion, plz remove or nerf the R8revolver.Before the latest update, I recommended it. There are three things that I cannot recommend.
1,R8revolver's damage
2,R8revolver's cost
3,R8revolver's number of clips
In conclusion, plz remove or nerf the R8revolver.

Such a bad update. Please at least revert some of the nerfs/changes or else this will feel like a completely different game.Such a bad update. Please at least revert some of the nerfs/changes or else this will feel like a completely different game.Such a bad update. Please at least revert some of the nerfs/changes or else this will feel like a completely different game.Such a bad update. Please at least revert some of the nerfs/changes or else this will feel like a completely different game.

Making the game more casual friendly by adding more RNG and patch in an untested, bugged and overall overpowered weapon. Wouldn't buyMaking the game more casual friendly by adding more RNG and patch in an untested, bugged and overall overpowered weapon. Wouldn't buyMaking the game more casual friendly by adding more RNG and patch in an untested, bugged and overall overpowered weapon. Wouldn't buyMaking the game more casual friendly by adding more RNG and patch in an untested, bugged and overall overpowered weapon. Wouldn't buy

Valve recently added a bunch of really cool things like 1 shot kill pistols, nerfed rifles, and built in wall hacks.  Its great to see how good they are at their jobs and how much testing goes into each update.Valve recently added a bunch of really cool things like 1 shot kill pistols, nerfed rifles, and built in wall hacks.  Its great to see how good they are at their jobs and how much testing goes into each update.Valve recently added a bunch of really cool things like 1 shot kill pistols, nerfed rifles, and built in wall hacks.  Its great to see how good they are at their jobs and how much testing goes into each update.Valve recently added a bunch of really cool things like 1 shot kill pistols, nerfed rifles, and built in wall hacks.  Its great to see how good they are at their jobs and how much testing goes into each update.

was an alright game until the recent patch fiascowas an alright game until the recent patch fiascowas an alright game until the recent patch fiascowas an alright game until the recent patch fiasco

Welcome to the wild ing westWelcome to the wild ing westWelcome to the wild ing westWelcome to the wild ing west

Recent r8 update as well as changes to the rifle mechanics have broken the game. Will not be playing until they fix it.Recent r8 update as well as changes to the rifle mechanics have broken the game. Will not be playing until they fix it.Recent r8 update as well as changes to the rifle mechanics have broken the game. Will not be playing until they fix it.Recent r8 update as well as changes to the rifle mechanics have broken the game. Will not be playing until they fix it.

cs go is like metal gear try not to get caught by russians
cs go is like metal gear try not to get caught by russians
cs go is like metal gear try not to get caught by russians
cs go is like metal gear try not to get caught by russians


Counter-Strike is like roulette. It's fun, until it turns into Russian.Counter-Strike is like roulette. It's fun, until it turns into Russian.Counter-Strike is like roulette. It's fun, until it turns into Russian.Counter-Strike is like roulette. It's fun, until it turns into Russian.

Recent r8 update as well as changes to the rifle mechanics have broken the game. Will not be playing until they fix it.Recent r8 update as well as changes to the rifle mechanics have broken the game. Will not be playing until they fix it.Recent r8 update as well as changes to the rifle mechanics have broken the game. Will not be playing until they fix it.Recent r8 update as well as changes to the rifle mechanics have broken the game. Will not be playing until they fix it.

Infested with hackers. unplayable

Edit: Well, i guess i will have to edit this to let all the get gud" scrub comment know that i am Global Elite so if you do not meet many hackersInfested with hackers. unplayable

Edit: Well, i guess i will have to edit this to let all the get gud" scrub comment know that i am Global Elite so if you do not meet many hackersInfested with hackers. unplayable

Edit: Well, i guess i will have to edit this to let all the get gud" scrub comment know that i am Global Elite so if you do not meet many hackersInfested with hackers. unplayable

Edit: Well, i guess i will have to edit this to let all the get gud" scrub comment know that i am Global Elite so if you do not meet many hackers

In my opinion, this game is still very young and undeveloped and all the hate against russians is stupid. I mean i'm not one to talk here i hate them sometimes aswell. I realised something when i was playing one day, the game has gone trough a lot of changes and that it was slowly turning into a moba like game, where rank is more importand than having fun. How valve changed CS for me made me yonder and ponder from the time when i was playing  CS 1.6 or CSS. Back then there where no rankings nor matchmaking and the  servers  where flooded with ads. I really hate how people neglect the times when people were fun to play with. Now people only care about how big your rank is, and how expensive your skins are. Where are the good old times? To me this game is a mess because of the ranking system and i mustn't  recommend it for players from CS 1.6 OR CSS. Sure there are different mods, but people mostly play competitive and try to force their rank down your throat.In my opinion, this game is still very young and undeveloped and all the hate against russians is stupid. I mean i'm not one to talk here i hate them sometimes aswell. I realised something when i was playing one day, the game has gone trough a lot of changes and that it was slowly turning into a moba like game, where rank is more importand than having fun. How valve changed CS for me made me yonder and ponder from the time when i was playing  CS 1.6 or CSS. Back then there where no rankings nor matchmaking and the  servers  where flooded with ads. I really hate how people neglect the times when people were fun to play with. Now people only care about how big your rank is, and how expensive your skins are. Where are the good old times? To me this game is a mess because of the ranking system and i mustn't  recommend it for players from CS 1.6 OR CSS. Sure there are different mods, but people mostly play competitive and try to force their rank down your throat.In my opinion, this game is still very young and undeveloped and all the hate against russians is stupid. I mean i'm not one to talk here i hate them sometimes aswell. I realised something when i was playing one day, the game has gone trough a lot of changes and that it was slowly turning into a moba like game, where rank is more importand than having fun. How valve changed CS for me made me yonder and ponder from the time when i was playing  CS 1.6 or CSS. Back then there where no rankings nor matchmaking and the  servers  where flooded with ads. I really hate how people neglect the times when people were fun to play with. Now people only care about how big your rank is, and how expensive your skins are. Where are the good old times? To me this game is a mess because of the ranking system and i mustn't  recommend it for players from CS 1.6 OR CSS. Sure there are different mods, but people mostly play competitive and try to force their rank down your throat.In my opinion, this game is still very young and undeveloped and all the hate against russians is stupid. I mean i'm not one to talk here i hate them sometimes aswell. I realised something when i was playing one day, the game has gone trough a lot of changes and that it was slowly turning into a moba like game, where rank is more importand than having fun. How valve changed CS for me made me yonder and ponder from the time when i was playing  CS 1.6 or CSS. Back then there where no rankings nor matchmaking and the  servers  where flooded with ads. I really hate how people neglect the times when people were fun to play with. Now people only care about how big your rank is, and how expensive your skins are. Where are the good old times? To me this game is a mess because of the ranking system and i mustn't  recommend it for players from CS 1.6 OR CSS. Sure there are different mods, but people mostly play competitive and try to force their rank down your throat.

Death is a great teacher. Failure in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is, as it always has been for this series, the greatest way to learn where you should have gone, what you shouldn't have done, and how you could have done better. Counter-Strike players spend a lot of time learning -- consequently, they are always getting better.

Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years.

For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues.

Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route.

Even in the face of genre evolution, Global Offensive doesnt care to adapt. CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its way to success. Part of what makes it such an engaging competitive game is that killing in Global Offensive requires a wholly different skill set than other shooters. Everyone is limited to what they have and can see, with little room for character modification or on-the-fly advantages. Running and gunning is a useless play style, even if you've bought a helmet and kevlar that round, to the point that someone standing still is more likely to score the kill. Walking, crouching, or standing are your best bets to reduce the inaccurate spray of machine-gun fire

Consequently, killing in Global Offensive feels good. There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. It's also satisfying knowing you used limited resources to play smarter than your victim. If players aren't watching corners, providing covering fire, or using smoke grenades and flashbangs, they're more likely to take a headshot from a more delicate and patient triggerman. The desire to experience that distinct feeling is a strong motivator to keep playing, even when you're getting steamrolled by an obviously better team.

If you've played Counter-Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike. Like Counter-Strike: Source before it, Global Offensive exists simply to modernize the look of the classic competitive shooter, while doing little to disrupt the core form and function. At the same time, it does enough to color outside the lines of tradition to justify your time and effort.

Fire is one of the most interesting new combat variables. Molotov cocktails and incendiary grenades either roast groups of guys or force them in another direction. Flames are a useful distraction or scare tactic, too. They're particularly useful during Demolition matches, which focus the fight at a single bomb site rather than giving terrorists two to pick between. The new and modified maps in this mode aren't as big as classic Counter-Strike arenas  entire sections have been cut off to direct teams toward a central location  but their thoughtful design is as intricate as ever. The Lake map is a standout -- there's a wide open yet densely populated yard around the bomb site, which is inside a sizable lakeside home with plenty of vantage points and hiding spots. To separate Demolition from Defusal, players can't buy between rounds. Instead, it takes a cue from the other new mode, Arms Race, in which each kill unlocks another weapon instantly. The better you do, the more you have to switch up the way you play, and because Demolition is so fast you'll need to be quick on your feet.Death is a great teacher. Failure in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is, as it always has been for this series, the greatest way to learn where you should have gone, what you shouldn't have done, and how you could have done better. Counter-Strike players spend a lot of time learning -- consequently, they are always getting better.

Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years.

For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues.

Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route.

Even in the face of genre evolution, Global Offensive doesnt care to adapt. CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its way to success. Part of what makes it such an engaging competitive game is that killing in Global Offensive requires a wholly different skill set than other shooters. Everyone is limited to what they have and can see, with little room for character modification or on-the-fly advantages. Running and gunning is a useless play style, even if you've bought a helmet and kevlar that round, to the point that someone standing still is more likely to score the kill. Walking, crouching, or standing are your best bets to reduce the inaccurate spray of machine-gun fire

Consequently, killing in Global Offensive feels good. There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. It's also satisfying knowing you used limited resources to play smarter than your victim. If players aren't watching corners, providing covering fire, or using smoke grenades and flashbangs, they're more likely to take a headshot from a more delicate and patient triggerman. The desire to experience that distinct feeling is a strong motivator to keep playing, even when you're getting steamrolled by an obviously better team.

If you've played Counter-Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike. Like Counter-Strike: Source before it, Global Offensive exists simply to modernize the look of the classic competitive shooter, while doing little to disrupt the core form and function. At the same time, it does enough to color outside the lines of tradition to justify your time and effort.

Fire is one of the most interesting new combat variables. Molotov cocktails and incendiary grenades either roast groups of guys or force them in another direction. Flames are a useful distraction or scare tactic, too. They're particularly useful during Demolition matches, which focus the fight at a single bomb site rather than giving terrorists two to pick between. The new and modified maps in this mode aren't as big as classic Counter-Strike arenas  entire sections have been cut off to direct teams toward a central location  but their thoughtful design is as intricate as ever. The Lake map is a standout -- there's a wide open yet densely populated yard around the bomb site, which is inside a sizable lakeside home with plenty of vantage points and hiding spots. To separate Demolition from Defusal, players can't buy between rounds. Instead, it takes a cue from the other new mode, Arms Race, in which each kill unlocks another weapon instantly. The better you do, the more you have to switch up the way you play, and because Demolition is so fast you'll need to be quick on your feet.Death is a great teacher. Failure in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is, as it always has been for this series, the greatest way to learn where you should have gone, what you shouldn't have done, and how you could have done better. Counter-Strike players spend a lot of time learning -- consequently, they are always getting better.

Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years.

For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues.

Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route.

Even in the face of genre evolution, Global Offensive doesnt care to adapt. CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its way to success. Part of what makes it such an engaging competitive game is that killing in Global Offensive requires a wholly different skill set than other shooters. Everyone is limited to what they have and can see, with little room for character modification or on-the-fly advantages. Running and gunning is a useless play style, even if you've bought a helmet and kevlar that round, to the point that someone standing still is more likely to score the kill. Walking, crouching, or standing are your best bets to reduce the inaccurate spray of machine-gun fire

Consequently, killing in Global Offensive feels good. There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. It's also satisfying knowing you used limited resources to play smarter than your victim. If players aren't watching corners, providing covering fire, or using smoke grenades and flashbangs, they're more likely to take a headshot from a more delicate and patient triggerman. The desire to experience that distinct feeling is a strong motivator to keep playing, even when you're getting steamrolled by an obviously better team.

If you've played Counter-Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike. Like Counter-Strike: Source before it, Global Offensive exists simply to modernize the look of the classic competitive shooter, while doing little to disrupt the core form and function. At the same time, it does enough to color outside the lines of tradition to justify your time and effort.

Fire is one of the most interesting new combat variables. Molotov cocktails and incendiary grenades either roast groups of guys or force them in another direction. Flames are a useful distraction or scare tactic, too. They're particularly useful during Demolition matches, which focus the fight at a single bomb site rather than giving terrorists two to pick between. The new and modified maps in this mode aren't as big as classic Counter-Strike arenas  entire sections have been cut off to direct teams toward a central location  but their thoughtful design is as intricate as ever. The Lake map is a standout -- there's a wide open yet densely populated yard around the bomb site, which is inside a sizable lakeside home with plenty of vantage points and hiding spots. To separate Demolition from Defusal, players can't buy between rounds. Instead, it takes a cue from the other new mode, Arms Race, in which each kill unlocks another weapon instantly. The better you do, the more you have to switch up the way you play, and because Demolition is so fast you'll need to be quick on your feet.Death is a great teacher. Failure in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is, as it always has been for this series, the greatest way to learn where you should have gone, what you shouldn't have done, and how you could have done better. Counter-Strike players spend a lot of time learning -- consequently, they are always getting better.

Growth is an important factor in Global Offensive, especially if you're coming into Counter-Strike fresh or after a sabbatical. This is an extremely hardcore, skill-based first-person shooter, and it forces you to think differently than other modern shooters. If youre a Call of Duty player, youre going to need to change your play style to succeed here. Counter-Strike also tries developing into something new here as well, despite doing little to push itself beyond what its always done best. Global Offensive modifies old maps to keep veterans on their toes, and introduces official new modes that encourage different play styles for the first time in almost 15 years.

For the uninitiated, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a small-scale, team-based first-person shooter with permanent death. When a counter-terrorist kills a terrorist planting explosives in a classic Defusal match, or a CT escort swallows a sniper round in Hostage Rescue, the victim is dead for good and doesn't respawn until the next round. As such, players on both sides must exercise skill and care. The bomb objective, meanwhile, gives everyone a purpose. Of course matches end when everyone on a team is dead, but a clever and coordinated terrorist team will give the CTs the slip, plant their bomb, and protect the bomb site. Between rounds, everyone spends earned cash on better gear and guns, and the cycle continues.

Pieces of the Counter-Strike formula are dated at this point, but the superb heart and soul of Global Offensive is timeless. Teams are small, guns are lethal, and rounds are short. There's an addictive just-one-more-round quality to it, because there's a constant desire to do better than last time, to earn a satisfying kill, or to win in a new way. Call of Duty and Battlefield vets will wonder why they can't sprint to escape enemy fire or look down the iron sights to improve aim; Counter-Strike players will feel like they walked into their redecorated home. Certain map redesigns will catch hardcore fans off guard, but the changes are for the best -- the underpass choke point in de_dust, for instance, has a new escape route.

Even in the face of genre evolution, Global Offensive doesnt care to adapt. CSGO is so dedicated to Counter-Strike's aging ideals despite market and trend changes that it brute-forces its way to success. Part of what makes it such an engaging competitive game is that killing in Global Offensive requires a wholly different skill set than other shooters. Everyone is limited to what they have and can see, with little room for character modification or on-the-fly advantages. Running and gunning is a useless play style, even if you've bought a helmet and kevlar that round, to the point that someone standing still is more likely to score the kill. Walking, crouching, or standing are your best bets to reduce the inaccurate spray of machine-gun fire

Consequently, killing in Global Offensive feels good. There's a sickening sensation to dropping someone dead because you know they're not coming back. It's also satisfying knowing you used limited resources to play smarter than your victim. If players aren't watching corners, providing covering fire, or using smoke grenades and flashbangs, they're more likely to take a headshot from a more delicate and patient triggerman. The desire to experience that distinct feeling is a strong motivator to keep playing, even when you're getting steamrolled by an obviously better team.

If you've played Counter-Strike before, Global Offensive probably sounds a whole lot like Counter-Strike. Like Counter-Strike: Source before it, Global Offensive exists simply to modernize the look of the classic competitive shooter, while doing little to disrupt the core form and function. At the same time, it does enough to color outside the lines of tradition to justify your time and effort.

Fire is one of the most interesting new combat variables. Molotov cocktails and incendiary grenades either roast groups of guys or force them in another direction. Flames are a useful distraction or scare tactic, too. They're particularly useful during Demolition matches, which focus the fight at a single bomb site rather than giving terrorists two to pick between. The new and modified maps in this mode aren't as big as classic Counter-Strike arenas  entire sections have been cut off to direct teams toward a central location  but their thoughtful design is as intricate as ever. The Lake map is a standout -- there's a wide open yet densely populated yard around the bomb site, which is inside a sizable lakeside home with plenty of vantage points and hiding spots. To separate Demolition from Defusal, players can't buy between rounds. Instead, it takes a cue from the other new mode, Arms Race, in which each kill unlocks another weapon instantly. The better you do, the more you have to switch up the way you play, and because Demolition is so fast you'll need to be quick on your feet.

Its great :)Its great :)Its great :)Its great :)

This Game has ruined my Free time :P

10/10 Would Play again :D
This Game has ruined my Free time :P

10/10 Would Play again :D
This Game has ruined my Free time :P

10/10 Would Play again :D
This Game has ruined my Free time :P

10/10 Would Play again :D


Clutch or kick, AWP only Dust II every time.
It is so Offensive it has Offensive right in the nameClutch or kick, AWP only Dust II every time.
It is so Offensive it has Offensive right in the nameClutch or kick, AWP only Dust II every time.
It is so Offensive it has Offensive right in the nameClutch or kick, AWP only Dust II every time.
It is so Offensive it has Offensive right in the name

join's comperative match
first words you hear are ruski est?"
leaving match
getting 7days cooldown
11/10 best game
"join's comperative match
first words you hear are ruski est?"
leaving match
getting 7days cooldown
11/10 best game
"join's comperative match
first words you hear are ruski est?"
leaving match
getting 7days cooldown
11/10 best game
"join's comperative match
first words you hear are ruski est?"
leaving match
getting 7days cooldown
11/10 best game
"

Top cancer causeTop cancer causeTop cancer causeTop cancer cause

Very good first person shooter game.

+ Competitive mode
+ Month updates

- Cheaters and griefersVery good first person shooter game.

+ Competitive mode
+ Month updates

- Cheaters and griefersVery good first person shooter game.

+ Competitive mode
+ Month updates

- Cheaters and griefersVery good first person shooter game.

+ Competitive mode
+ Month updates

- Cheaters and griefers

Fix this bloody game, how do valve expect this to be a good competetive game when every single match making game is filled with cheaters which valve claim they have fixed. They don't even try to hide it now, because the game is always on sale and they can just set up a new account. Stop updating maps and start fixing the gameFix this bloody game, how do valve expect this to be a good competetive game when every single match making game is filled with cheaters which valve claim they have fixed. They don't even try to hide it now, because the game is always on sale and they can just set up a new account. Stop updating maps and start fixing the gameFix this bloody game, how do valve expect this to be a good competetive game when every single match making game is filled with cheaters which valve claim they have fixed. They don't even try to hide it now, because the game is always on sale and they can just set up a new account. Stop updating maps and start fixing the gameFix this bloody game, how do valve expect this to be a good competetive game when every single match making game is filled with cheaters which valve claim they have fixed. They don't even try to hide it now, because the game is always on sale and they can just set up a new account. Stop updating maps and start fixing the game

Ever wanted a young child make homophobic, racist or general mean comments about your playstyle, this is the game for youEver wanted a young child make homophobic, racist or general mean comments about your playstyle, this is the game for youEver wanted a young child make homophobic, racist or general mean comments about your playstyle, this is the game for youEver wanted a young child make homophobic, racist or general mean comments about your playstyle, this is the game for you

....a never ending story ........a never ending story ........a never ending story ........a never ending story ....

GO!GO!GO!GO!

Some Silver Rank Problems:
-Smurf on other team
-Gold Nova on other team o.O
-Trolls
-Teammate saying GG" in team chat (or to all) when you're losing by a little
-Having 1 more game to win to rank up and you lose (is it only me?)
-#Silver4Life

~Tacos"Some Silver Rank Problems:
-Smurf on other team
-Gold Nova on other team o.O
-Trolls
-Teammate saying GG" in team chat (or to all) when you're losing by a little
-Having 1 more game to win to rank up and you lose (is it only me?)
-#Silver4Life

~Tacos"Some Silver Rank Problems:
-Smurf on other team
-Gold Nova on other team o.O
-Trolls
-Teammate saying GG" in team chat (or to all) when you're losing by a little
-Having 1 more game to win to rank up and you lose (is it only me?)
-#Silver4Life

~Tacos"Some Silver Rank Problems:
-Smurf on other team
-Gold Nova on other team o.O
-Trolls
-Teammate saying GG" in team chat (or to all) when you're losing by a little
-Having 1 more game to win to rank up and you lose (is it only me?)
-#Silver4Life

~Tacos"

I don't have much to say but I want to recommend it because I love it. One of my favorite games. Good both for fun and competition. I used to get really mad at this game but it was because I didn't understand it.

I don't have anything bad to say except 2 things:
Valve should focus more on the game than on skins. I understand most of the people are like this nowadays, but please...
Watch out for the community! It's really rude.

If you don't want to play competitively, there are a lot of fun modes like Demolition and Arms Race. If you do want to play competitively, the community offers more than enough with competitions and prize pools.

Good luck & have fun!I don't have much to say but I want to recommend it because I love it. One of my favorite games. Good both for fun and competition. I used to get really mad at this game but it was because I didn't understand it.

I don't have anything bad to say except 2 things:
Valve should focus more on the game than on skins. I understand most of the people are like this nowadays, but please...
Watch out for the community! It's really rude.

If you don't want to play competitively, there are a lot of fun modes like Demolition and Arms Race. If you do want to play competitively, the community offers more than enough with competitions and prize pools.

Good luck & have fun!I don't have much to say but I want to recommend it because I love it. One of my favorite games. Good both for fun and competition. I used to get really mad at this game but it was because I didn't understand it.

I don't have anything bad to say except 2 things:
Valve should focus more on the game than on skins. I understand most of the people are like this nowadays, but please...
Watch out for the community! It's really rude.

If you don't want to play competitively, there are a lot of fun modes like Demolition and Arms Race. If you do want to play competitively, the community offers more than enough with competitions and prize pools.

Good luck & have fun!I don't have much to say but I want to recommend it because I love it. One of my favorite games. Good both for fun and competition. I used to get really mad at this game but it was because I didn't understand it.

I don't have anything bad to say except 2 things:
Valve should focus more on the game than on skins. I understand most of the people are like this nowadays, but please...
Watch out for the community! It's really rude.

If you don't want to play competitively, there are a lot of fun modes like Demolition and Arms Race. If you do want to play competitively, the community offers more than enough with competitions and prize pools.

Good luck & have fun!

Probably the best Counter-Strike since Counter-Strike: Source!Probably the best Counter-Strike since Counter-Strike: Source!Probably the best Counter-Strike since Counter-Strike: Source!Probably the best Counter-Strike since Counter-Strike: Source!

gg volvo RIP csgogg volvo RIP csgogg volvo RIP csgogg volvo RIP csgo

Broken game, dont buy.Broken game, dont buy.Broken game, dont buy.Broken game, dont buy.

Mahtava peli jos vaan jaksaa tuhlata aikaa sen oppimiseen, jotta osuisi edes ladon seinn ladon sislt O_oMahtava peli jos vaan jaksaa tuhlata aikaa sen oppimiseen, jotta osuisi edes ladon seinn ladon sislt O_oMahtava peli jos vaan jaksaa tuhlata aikaa sen oppimiseen, jotta osuisi edes ladon seinn ladon sislt O_oMahtava peli jos vaan jaksaa tuhlata aikaa sen oppimiseen, jotta osuisi edes ladon seinn ladon sislt O_o

YOU HAVE TO RELY ON RUSSIANS TO BE ABLE TO PLAY THE ING GAME.
YOU HAVE TO RELY ON RUSSIANS TO BE ABLE TO PLAY THE ING GAME.
YOU HAVE TO RELY ON RUSSIANS TO BE ABLE TO PLAY THE ING GAME.
YOU HAVE TO RELY ON RUSSIANS TO BE ABLE TO PLAY THE ING GAME.


When I first got this game I thought it was going to be an amazing anime RPG. I turned on the game and I was so excited. For whatever weird reason, it wouldn't let me customize my character. Whatever..." I thought and joined a server thinking maybe it would show up. When I joined the server no character customization was to be found. Nor a tutorial. Nor was NarutoWhen I first got this game I thought it was going to be an amazing anime RPG. I turned on the game and I was so excited. For whatever weird reason, it wouldn't let me customize my character. Whatever..." I thought and joined a server thinking maybe it would show up. When I joined the server no character customization was to be found. Nor a tutorial. Nor was NarutoWhen I first got this game I thought it was going to be an amazing anime RPG. I turned on the game and I was so excited. For whatever weird reason, it wouldn't let me customize my character. Whatever..." I thought and joined a server thinking maybe it would show up. When I joined the server no character customization was to be found. Nor a tutorial. Nor was NarutoWhen I first got this game I thought it was going to be an amazing anime RPG. I turned on the game and I was so excited. For whatever weird reason, it wouldn't let me customize my character. Whatever..." I thought and joined a server thinking maybe it would show up. When I joined the server no character customization was to be found. Nor a tutorial. Nor was Naruto

R8 revolver ruined it and Valve took my pennies out my pocket :c

Surf is better and just buying the skins is good tooR8 revolver ruined it and Valve took my pennies out my pocket :c

Surf is better and just buying the skins is good tooR8 revolver ruined it and Valve took my pennies out my pocket :c

Surf is better and just buying the skins is good tooR8 revolver ruined it and Valve took my pennies out my pocket :c

Surf is better and just buying the skins is good too

Nerf the revolver... because of the revolver. cs is getting worstNerf the revolver... because of the revolver. cs is getting worstNerf the revolver... because of the revolver. cs is getting worstNerf the revolver... because of the revolver. cs is getting worst

Uber cancer mode

Rip in R8's m8Uber cancer mode

Rip in R8's m8Uber cancer mode

Rip in R8's m8Uber cancer mode

Rip in R8's m8

Casino Simulator: Global OppressionCasino Simulator: Global OppressionCasino Simulator: Global OppressionCasino Simulator: Global Oppression

love this game :$ it's getting closer and closer to 1.6 while still retaining all of what I like about source.
love this game :$ it's getting closer and closer to 1.6 while still retaining all of what I like about source.
love this game :$ it's getting closer and closer to 1.6 while still retaining all of what I like about source.
love this game :$ it's getting closer and closer to 1.6 while still retaining all of what I like about source.


Very educational. Now I can swear in russian, polish and french language fluently.Very educational. Now I can swear in russian, polish and french language fluently.Very educational. Now I can swear in russian, polish and french language fluently.Very educational. Now I can swear in russian, polish and french language fluently.

The CS:GO Case Anthem.

Our Father who AWPs in heaven
CS be thy game
Uncase begun, them skins be won,
Covert - and not a Mil-Spec.

Give us this day a StatTrak knife,
And forgive us when we rage quit,
As we forgive those who aimbot against us,
And lead us not into scamnation
Undeliver us a Battle Scarred,The CS:GO Case Anthem.

Our Father who AWPs in heaven
CS be thy game
Uncase begun, them skins be won,
Covert - and not a Mil-Spec.

Give us this day a StatTrak knife,
And forgive us when we rage quit,
As we forgive those who aimbot against us,
And lead us not into scamnation
Undeliver us a Battle Scarred,The CS:GO Case Anthem.

Our Father who AWPs in heaven
CS be thy game
Uncase begun, them skins be won,
Covert - and not a Mil-Spec.

Give us this day a StatTrak knife,
And forgive us when we rage quit,
As we forgive those who aimbot against us,
And lead us not into scamnation
Undeliver us a Battle Scarred,The CS:GO Case Anthem.

Our Father who AWPs in heaven
CS be thy game
Uncase begun, them skins be won,
Covert - and not a Mil-Spec.

Give us this day a StatTrak knife,
And forgive us when we rage quit,
As we forgive those who aimbot against us,
And lead us not into scamnation
Undeliver us a Battle Scarred,

If you ever wondered where the worst and utter scum of all living things since the origins of this planet is dwelling, search no more. The answer is: In this game, and it's such a high concentration of flaming 8yr olds, trolls, cheaters, leavers, teamkillers and s it makes me ponder if perhaps we should just sentence everyone playing to death by lethal injection. The world would be a wonderful place. You know, ISIS is actually scared  of the CSGO community, they fear them for their complete lack of brains which makes them dangerous enemies: You can't really kill them with headshots or beheadings. If things are well in your life and you desperately want to be depressed and have all that you hold dear destroyed then download this game and after only a few weeks your life will be hell on earth.
Not to mention of course, everyone who ever touched this game is the worst racist, sexist and homophobic  you can think of, in fact it gets to a point where their stupidity becomes a parody of its own.

If your hopes in the human race are not yet lost (which makes me question the content of your skull, honestly), this is the absolute and definite proof that mankind has no place on this or any other planet, and will hopefully wiped out rather sooner than later by a natural catastrophy of some sort or just animals picking up fully-automatic guns and killing every human and ape they can find. A dozen atomic bombs would also do nicely.If you ever wondered where the worst and utter scum of all living things since the origins of this planet is dwelling, search no more. The answer is: In this game, and it's such a high concentration of flaming 8yr olds, trolls, cheaters, leavers, teamkillers and s it makes me ponder if perhaps we should just sentence everyone playing to death by lethal injection. The world would be a wonderful place. You know, ISIS is actually scared  of the CSGO community, they fear them for their complete lack of brains which makes them dangerous enemies: You can't really kill them with headshots or beheadings. If things are well in your life and you desperately want to be depressed and have all that you hold dear destroyed then download this game and after only a few weeks your life will be hell on earth.
Not to mention of course, everyone who ever touched this game is the worst racist, sexist and homophobic  you can think of, in fact it gets to a point where their stupidity becomes a parody of its own.

If your hopes in the human race are not yet lost (which makes me question the content of your skull, honestly), this is the absolute and definite proof that mankind has no place on this or any other planet, and will hopefully wiped out rather sooner than later by a natural catastrophy of some sort or just animals picking up fully-automatic guns and killing every human and ape they can find. A dozen atomic bombs would also do nicely.If you ever wondered where the worst and utter scum of all living things since the origins of this planet is dwelling, search no more. The answer is: In this game, and it's such a high concentration of flaming 8yr olds, trolls, cheaters, leavers, teamkillers and s it makes me ponder if perhaps we should just sentence everyone playing to death by lethal injection. The world would be a wonderful place. You know, ISIS is actually scared  of the CSGO community, they fear them for their complete lack of brains which makes them dangerous enemies: You can't really kill them with headshots or beheadings. If things are well in your life and you desperately want to be depressed and have all that you hold dear destroyed then download this game and after only a few weeks your life will be hell on earth.
Not to mention of course, everyone who ever touched this game is the worst racist, sexist and homophobic  you can think of, in fact it gets to a point where their stupidity becomes a parody of its own.

If your hopes in the human race are not yet lost (which makes me question the content of your skull, honestly), this is the absolute and definite proof that mankind has no place on this or any other planet, and will hopefully wiped out rather sooner than later by a natural catastrophy of some sort or just animals picking up fully-automatic guns and killing every human and ape they can find. A dozen atomic bombs would also do nicely.If you ever wondered where the worst and utter scum of all living things since the origins of this planet is dwelling, search no more. The answer is: In this game, and it's such a high concentration of flaming 8yr olds, trolls, cheaters, leavers, teamkillers and s it makes me ponder if perhaps we should just sentence everyone playing to death by lethal injection. The world would be a wonderful place. You know, ISIS is actually scared  of the CSGO community, they fear them for their complete lack of brains which makes them dangerous enemies: You can't really kill them with headshots or beheadings. If things are well in your life and you desperately want to be depressed and have all that you hold dear destroyed then download this game and after only a few weeks your life will be hell on earth.
Not to mention of course, everyone who ever touched this game is the worst racist, sexist and homophobic  you can think of, in fact it gets to a point where their stupidity becomes a parody of its own.

If your hopes in the human race are not yet lost (which makes me question the content of your skull, honestly), this is the absolute and definite proof that mankind has no place on this or any other planet, and will hopefully wiped out rather sooner than later by a natural catastrophy of some sort or just animals picking up fully-automatic guns and killing every human and ape they can find. A dozen atomic bombs would also do nicely.

Legend say's Vladimir Putin has a Kremlin funded Steam account specifically for this game.Legend say's Vladimir Putin has a Kremlin funded Steam account specifically for this game.Legend say's Vladimir Putin has a Kremlin funded Steam account specifically for this game.Legend say's Vladimir Putin has a Kremlin funded Steam account specifically for this game.

Clutch or Kick.Clutch or Kick.Clutch or Kick.Clutch or Kick.

IF YOU WANT TO PUT THIS GAME ON SALE SO OFTEN AT LEAST PROVIDE THE GOD DAMN LEGIT ANTI CHEAT YOU LAZY C*NTS FROM VALVE.
YOU ARE RUNING THE GAME WHILE TRYING TO HOARD EVEN MORE MONEY, LIKE YOU DONT HAVE ENOUGH WITH SKINS ETC.

YOU HAVE STUPID UPDATES, YOU MANAGED TO SCREW UP RANKING SYSTEM, GAME IS LIKE 80% SMURFS AND HACKERS.
IS THAT WHAT YOU CALL A GAME? DO YOU SEE THE AMOUNT OF PEOPLE LEAVING AND RAGING ABOUT IT? I HOPE THIS GAME WILL DIE WITH YOUR SALES, AND JUST ADDING SKINS AND  UPDATES, INSTEAD OF TAKING CARE OF THE REAL PROBLEM.

merry god damn christmas.IF YOU WANT TO PUT THIS GAME ON SALE SO OFTEN AT LEAST PROVIDE THE GOD DAMN LEGIT ANTI CHEAT YOU LAZY C*NTS FROM VALVE.
YOU ARE RUNING THE GAME WHILE TRYING TO HOARD EVEN MORE MONEY, LIKE YOU DONT HAVE ENOUGH WITH SKINS ETC.

YOU HAVE STUPID UPDATES, YOU MANAGED TO SCREW UP RANKING SYSTEM, GAME IS LIKE 80% SMURFS AND HACKERS.
IS THAT WHAT YOU CALL A GAME? DO YOU SEE THE AMOUNT OF PEOPLE LEAVING AND RAGING ABOUT IT? I HOPE THIS GAME WILL DIE WITH YOUR SALES, AND JUST ADDING SKINS AND  UPDATES, INSTEAD OF TAKING CARE OF THE REAL PROBLEM.

merry god damn christmas.IF YOU WANT TO PUT THIS GAME ON SALE SO OFTEN AT LEAST PROVIDE THE GOD DAMN LEGIT ANTI CHEAT YOU LAZY C*NTS FROM VALVE.
YOU ARE RUNING THE GAME WHILE TRYING TO HOARD EVEN MORE MONEY, LIKE YOU DONT HAVE ENOUGH WITH SKINS ETC.

YOU HAVE STUPID UPDATES, YOU MANAGED TO SCREW UP RANKING SYSTEM, GAME IS LIKE 80% SMURFS AND HACKERS.
IS THAT WHAT YOU CALL A GAME? DO YOU SEE THE AMOUNT OF PEOPLE LEAVING AND RAGING ABOUT IT? I HOPE THIS GAME WILL DIE WITH YOUR SALES, AND JUST ADDING SKINS AND  UPDATES, INSTEAD OF TAKING CARE OF THE REAL PROBLEM.

merry god damn christmas.IF YOU WANT TO PUT THIS GAME ON SALE SO OFTEN AT LEAST PROVIDE THE GOD DAMN LEGIT ANTI CHEAT YOU LAZY C*NTS FROM VALVE.
YOU ARE RUNING THE GAME WHILE TRYING TO HOARD EVEN MORE MONEY, LIKE YOU DONT HAVE ENOUGH WITH SKINS ETC.

YOU HAVE STUPID UPDATES, YOU MANAGED TO SCREW UP RANKING SYSTEM, GAME IS LIKE 80% SMURFS AND HACKERS.
IS THAT WHAT YOU CALL A GAME? DO YOU SEE THE AMOUNT OF PEOPLE LEAVING AND RAGING ABOUT IT? I HOPE THIS GAME WILL DIE WITH YOUR SALES, AND JUST ADDING SKINS AND  UPDATES, INSTEAD OF TAKING CARE OF THE REAL PROBLEM.

merry god damn christmas.

I killed 5\5 of the enemy team and i onely played an hour in cometive mode got called a hacker and got a 30 min banned!
Played another match in competive played terrible on the first 3 rouds got called a hacker for playing bad got killed and got a 30 min ban!
12\10 would play againI killed 5\5 of the enemy team and i onely played an hour in cometive mode got called a hacker and got a 30 min banned!
Played another match in competive played terrible on the first 3 rouds got called a hacker for playing bad got killed and got a 30 min ban!
12\10 would play againI killed 5\5 of the enemy team and i onely played an hour in cometive mode got called a hacker and got a 30 min banned!
Played another match in competive played terrible on the first 3 rouds got called a hacker for playing bad got killed and got a 30 min ban!
12\10 would play againI killed 5\5 of the enemy team and i onely played an hour in cometive mode got called a hacker and got a 30 min banned!
Played another match in competive played terrible on the first 3 rouds got called a hacker for playing bad got killed and got a 30 min ban!
12\10 would play again

yo, dis games cray, ya'll s better buy dis

dank dankyo, dis games cray, ya'll s better buy dis

dank dankyo, dis games cray, ya'll s better buy dis

dank dankyo, dis games cray, ya'll s better buy dis

dank dank

This is a really good, casual yet uncasual multi-player FPS that pits two teams against one another. The Terrorists and the counter-terrorists (counter strikers). The terrorists need to make it to specific bomb drop points and hold the position until the bomb goes off. The counter-strikers need to kill the terrorists need to disarm the bomb if it is set or if they kill a terrorist holding the bomb before it is set, they need to make sure no one picks up the bomb to set it. If all members of one faction die, they lose the round. There is no respawn until the next round. All rounds take place on the current map. You don't go to a different map until the match ends.

Since you play a few rounds per game (let's say 15 rounds), you get cash for each round win or lose and you can spend that cash at the start of each round on weapons and stuff. So the game increases as you go from just pistols and knives in the first round to much bigger guns in the later rounds. You can also pick up a weapon off the ground and use it as well (unless you've set the rules to restrict such things). You'll keep the weapon from round to round until you die. Its a nice system.

It is a great game dynamic with good maps that have the right amount of side paths and choke points to cover. The maps are small enough where there will always be some sort of action happening, but large enough where the action can happen at places you aren't.

There is no single player campaign, but you can play maps on your own with bots that have difficulty levels. You can even jump into a bot if you die since there is no respawn until the next round. You'll notice the easy bots take their time to shoot you as well as you can tell watching them they intentionally don't aim directly at you. This is PERFECT FOR BEGINNERS to pick up and play, but of course the bots get more difficult.

The game makes headshots instant kills and goes more along the realism path where if you jump and shoot, you're less accurate. When you kneel and shoot you're more accurate.

It's a fun game that fills a different niche than Team Fortress 2. Give it a try over a free weekend and its also dirt cheap.This is a really good, casual yet uncasual multi-player FPS that pits two teams against one another. The Terrorists and the counter-terrorists (counter strikers). The terrorists need to make it to specific bomb drop points and hold the position until the bomb goes off. The counter-strikers need to kill the terrorists need to disarm the bomb if it is set or if they kill a terrorist holding the bomb before it is set, they need to make sure no one picks up the bomb to set it. If all members of one faction die, they lose the round. There is no respawn until the next round. All rounds take place on the current map. You don't go to a different map until the match ends.

Since you play a few rounds per game (let's say 15 rounds), you get cash for each round win or lose and you can spend that cash at the start of each round on weapons and stuff. So the game increases as you go from just pistols and knives in the first round to much bigger guns in the later rounds. You can also pick up a weapon off the ground and use it as well (unless you've set the rules to restrict such things). You'll keep the weapon from round to round until you die. Its a nice system.

It is a great game dynamic with good maps that have the right amount of side paths and choke points to cover. The maps are small enough where there will always be some sort of action happening, but large enough where the action can happen at places you aren't.

There is no single player campaign, but you can play maps on your own with bots that have difficulty levels. You can even jump into a bot if you die since there is no respawn until the next round. You'll notice the easy bots take their time to shoot you as well as you can tell watching them they intentionally don't aim directly at you. This is PERFECT FOR BEGINNERS to pick up and play, but of course the bots get more difficult.

The game makes headshots instant kills and goes more along the realism path where if you jump and shoot, you're less accurate. When you kneel and shoot you're more accurate.

It's a fun game that fills a different niche than Team Fortress 2. Give it a try over a free weekend and its also dirt cheap.This is a really good, casual yet uncasual multi-player FPS that pits two teams against one another. The Terrorists and the counter-terrorists (counter strikers). The terrorists need to make it to specific bomb drop points and hold the position until the bomb goes off. The counter-strikers need to kill the terrorists need to disarm the bomb if it is set or if they kill a terrorist holding the bomb before it is set, they need to make sure no one picks up the bomb to set it. If all members of one faction die, they lose the round. There is no respawn until the next round. All rounds take place on the current map. You don't go to a different map until the match ends.

Since you play a few rounds per game (let's say 15 rounds), you get cash for each round win or lose and you can spend that cash at the start of each round on weapons and stuff. So the game increases as you go from just pistols and knives in the first round to much bigger guns in the later rounds. You can also pick up a weapon off the ground and use it as well (unless you've set the rules to restrict such things). You'll keep the weapon from round to round until you die. Its a nice system.

It is a great game dynamic with good maps that have the right amount of side paths and choke points to cover. The maps are small enough where there will always be some sort of action happening, but large enough where the action can happen at places you aren't.

There is no single player campaign, but you can play maps on your own with bots that have difficulty levels. You can even jump into a bot if you die since there is no respawn until the next round. You'll notice the easy bots take their time to shoot you as well as you can tell watching them they intentionally don't aim directly at you. This is PERFECT FOR BEGINNERS to pick up and play, but of course the bots get more difficult.

The game makes headshots instant kills and goes more along the realism path where if you jump and shoot, you're less accurate. When you kneel and shoot you're more accurate.

It's a fun game that fills a different niche than Team Fortress 2. Give it a try over a free weekend and its also dirt cheap.This is a really good, casual yet uncasual multi-player FPS that pits two teams against one another. The Terrorists and the counter-terrorists (counter strikers). The terrorists need to make it to specific bomb drop points and hold the position until the bomb goes off. The counter-strikers need to kill the terrorists need to disarm the bomb if it is set or if they kill a terrorist holding the bomb before it is set, they need to make sure no one picks up the bomb to set it. If all members of one faction die, they lose the round. There is no respawn until the next round. All rounds take place on the current map. You don't go to a different map until the match ends.

Since you play a few rounds per game (let's say 15 rounds), you get cash for each round win or lose and you can spend that cash at the start of each round on weapons and stuff. So the game increases as you go from just pistols and knives in the first round to much bigger guns in the later rounds. You can also pick up a weapon off the ground and use it as well (unless you've set the rules to restrict such things). You'll keep the weapon from round to round until you die. Its a nice system.

It is a great game dynamic with good maps that have the right amount of side paths and choke points to cover. The maps are small enough where there will always be some sort of action happening, but large enough where the action can happen at places you aren't.

There is no single player campaign, but you can play maps on your own with bots that have difficulty levels. You can even jump into a bot if you die since there is no respawn until the next round. You'll notice the easy bots take their time to shoot you as well as you can tell watching them they intentionally don't aim directly at you. This is PERFECT FOR BEGINNERS to pick up and play, but of course the bots get more difficult.

The game makes headshots instant kills and goes more along the realism path where if you jump and shoot, you're less accurate. When you kneel and shoot you're more accurate.

It's a fun game that fills a different niche than Team Fortress 2. Give it a try over a free weekend and its also dirt cheap.

tf2 meets cod in this brand new comedy featuring adam sandler and that dog from air budtf2 meets cod in this brand new comedy featuring adam sandler and that dog from air budtf2 meets cod in this brand new comedy featuring adam sandler and that dog from air budtf2 meets cod in this brand new comedy featuring adam sandler and that dog from air bud

great gameplay
record-breaking sh*tty community.
Started to plummet around Late 2015, accelerated in Jan 2016.great gameplay
record-breaking sh*tty community.
Started to plummet around Late 2015, accelerated in Jan 2016.great gameplay
record-breaking sh*tty community.
Started to plummet around Late 2015, accelerated in Jan 2016.great gameplay
record-breaking sh*tty community.
Started to plummet around Late 2015, accelerated in Jan 2016.

$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

Counter serisinin altn. Tamamen br oyunlarnn birbirine benzerliinden uzaklam stne tula konulmu hali.Counter serisinin altn. Tamamen br oyunlarnn birbirine benzerliinden uzaklam stne tula konulmu hali.Counter serisinin altn. Tamamen br oyunlarnn birbirine benzerliinden uzaklam stne tula konulmu hali.Counter serisinin altn. Tamamen br oyunlarnn birbirine benzerliinden uzaklam stne tula konulmu hali.

Not a new player but writing a review after a few years of, let's say, game testing.

I loved where it was at up until this point. Granted the monetization of the game has developed to a disappointing level. And the skill ceiling has, sadly, gradually decreased. Let's not even mention the widespread cheating and the other issues the community actually wanted to be fixed.

R8. Please.

Sorry GO, you COD now.Not a new player but writing a review after a few years of, let's say, game testing.

I loved where it was at up until this point. Granted the monetization of the game has developed to a disappointing level. And the skill ceiling has, sadly, gradually decreased. Let's not even mention the widespread cheating and the other issues the community actually wanted to be fixed.

R8. Please.

Sorry GO, you COD now.Not a new player but writing a review after a few years of, let's say, game testing.

I loved where it was at up until this point. Granted the monetization of the game has developed to a disappointing level. And the skill ceiling has, sadly, gradually decreased. Let's not even mention the widespread cheating and the other issues the community actually wanted to be fixed.

R8. Please.

Sorry GO, you COD now.

I got one deaged crossing mid. He was a silver 3. Great game 10/10I got one deaged crossing mid. He was a silver 3. Great game 10/10I got one deaged crossing mid. He was a silver 3. Great game 10/10

Instructions how to play this game were unclear

got stuck in washing machine.

11/10 Silver I. Players recommend

+Bought key and case. Got  Negev skin. Profit.Instructions how to play this game were unclear

got stuck in washing machine.

11/10 Silver I. Players recommend

+Bought key and case. Got  Negev skin. Profit.Instructions how to play this game were unclear

got stuck in washing machine.

11/10 Silver I. Players recommend

+Bought key and case. Got  Negev skin. Profit.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive truly is a game like no other.

In Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, you are tasked with globally offending as many people as you possibly can in 30 rounds, with an array of tools such as mic spam, teamkilling, or racist bullet messages. It differs from the original Counter-Strike (Known as '1.6' because there are 1.6 people still playing) in the fact that it's not 37 years old.

Counter-Strike Hardline refines the tried and true formula of Police (Voiced by Nolan North) vs Counter-Police (Voiced by Troy Baker), bringing in many new faces to each team, such as Jewish Toad from Super Mario Bros, a black guy, a ghost with a beret, and a hot topic customer.

Counter-Strike: Black Ops adds exactly 3 new zones for you to wreak havoc in, bringing the total amount of maps to 1, but makes up for it with a large arsenal of over 70 weapons, which I will now list for you.

-Ak-47
-M4
-AWP

All in all, Counter-Strike: Global Defensive is a robust top down open world third person beat 'em up that tweaks the gunplay to its best, with amazing graphics and sound design, it's bound to keep you hooked until Counter-Strike 5.

0/5Counter-Strike: Global Offensive truly is a game like no other.

In Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, you are tasked with globally offending as many people as you possibly can in 30 rounds, with an array of tools such as mic spam, teamkilling, or racist bullet messages. It differs from the original Counter-Strike (Known as '1.6' because there are 1.6 people still playing) in the fact that it's not 37 years old.

Counter-Strike Hardline refines the tried and true formula of Police (Voiced by Nolan North) vs Counter-Police (Voiced by Troy Baker), bringing in many new faces to each team, such as Jewish Toad from Super Mario Bros, a black guy, a ghost with a beret, and a hot topic customer.

Counter-Strike: Black Ops adds exactly 3 new zones for you to wreak havoc in, bringing the total amount of maps to 1, but makes up for it with a large arsenal of over 70 weapons, which I will now list for you.

-Ak-47
-M4
-AWP

All in all, Counter-Strike: Global Defensive is a robust top down open world third person beat 'em up that tweaks the gunplay to its best, with amazing graphics and sound design, it's bound to keep you hooked until Counter-Strike 5.

0/5Counter-Strike: Global Offensive truly is a game like no other.

In Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, you are tasked with globally offending as many people as you possibly can in 30 rounds, with an array of tools such as mic spam, teamkilling, or racist bullet messages. It differs from the original Counter-Strike (Known as '1.6' because there are 1.6 people still playing) in the fact that it's not 37 years old.

Counter-Strike Hardline refines the tried and true formula of Police (Voiced by Nolan North) vs Counter-Police (Voiced by Troy Baker), bringing in many new faces to each team, such as Jewish Toad from Super Mario Bros, a black guy, a ghost with a beret, and a hot topic customer.

Counter-Strike: Black Ops adds exactly 3 new zones for you to wreak havoc in, bringing the total amount of maps to 1, but makes up for it with a large arsenal of over 70 weapons, which I will now list for you.

-Ak-47
-M4
-AWP

All in all, Counter-Strike: Global Defensive is a robust top down open world third person beat 'em up that tweaks the gunplay to its best, with amazing graphics and sound design, it's bound to keep you hooked until Counter-Strike 5.

0/5

Pretty cool game unless you have a bunch of noobs in your team :)Pretty cool game unless you have a bunch of noobs in your team :)Pretty cool game unless you have a bunch of noobs in your team :)

This game is good and this review is pointless.This game is good and this review is pointless.This game is good and this review is pointless.

Game is full of hackers that bought the game on alternate accounts during sales, especially in competitive matches and of course theres no way of proving it unless you can watch the replay or recorded the match.
0/10 would not recommend unless you hack too.Game is full of hackers that bought the game on alternate accounts during sales, especially in competitive matches and of course theres no way of proving it unless you can watch the replay or recorded the match.
0/10 would not recommend unless you hack too.Game is full of hackers that bought the game on alternate accounts during sales, especially in competitive matches and of course theres no way of proving it unless you can watch the replay or recorded the match.
0/10 would not recommend unless you hack too.

CAN YOU UPGRADE YOUR SITTY ANTICHEAT YOU LAZY ITCHS.CAN YOU UPGRADE YOUR SITTY ANTICHEAT YOU LAZY ITCHS.CAN YOU UPGRADE YOUR SITTY ANTICHEAT YOU LAZY ITCHS.

 those chickens on Inferno.  them. Every time I watch ANY angle with an AWP one of those feathered Satans will waddle into my crosshairs and make me simultaneously shoot and sh*t myself.  them. those chickens on Inferno.  them. Every time I watch ANY angle with an AWP one of those feathered Satans will waddle into my crosshairs and make me simultaneously shoot and sh*t myself.  them. those chickens on Inferno.  them. Every time I watch ANY angle with an AWP one of those feathered Satans will waddle into my crosshairs and make me simultaneously shoot and sh*t myself.  them.

Gun Skins, Cases, Stickers n' Horrible Teammates.
















Gun Skins, Cases, Stickers n' Horrible Teammates.
















Gun Skins, Cases, Stickers n' Horrible Teammates.


















Well hi and thanks for stopping by.

After over 1000 hours of gameplay and reaching the LEM rank i consider myself expierenced player of CS:GO.
If you are thinking about buying this game, you might find this review helpfull.
What to start with... ? Surely if you are looking for highly competetive game, this is for you. You can compete with other players, and unlike in for example MOBA games, winning 1v5 is always an option. Beacouse this is the game where your personal skill matters.
But thats not the most important thing. This game teaches you teamwork, of course if you are Scream's son you can just solo win every round, but its not the goal of the game. If you solo que in competetive, you will be put in a random game with 4 random people on your team, and 5 random people in the enemy team. They can be different nationaliy, have different characters and react to things differently. But for the time of the game, 4 of your teammates are you best friends. You are supposed to watch their back, coordinate tactics to execute best situations for winning a round and communicate as much as possible.
Of course you can have a bad day, and meet 4 people that will not speak your language, will have a bad day as well and will try to grief you and loose the game on purpose. But thats just a rare percentage of my personal experience. You need to always stay positive and calm, and so will your team do.

When it comes to game mechanics. CS:GO isnt very complicated, but its very original compared to other FPS games. You are aiming your crosshair at a guy, holding that left mouse button like there is no tomorrow, but you are still not hitting ? Try chilling out a bit and just tapping that mouse. Dont run when you shoot, stop, aim up, fire. Its the way to go in CS. You will get frustrated a lot, you will curse, throw your screen out of your window, but dont worry: When you master the game, there is no better feeling than headshoting an awper with a deagle, trust me.

I mentioned a deagle... but there is a high variety of weapons in this game. Pistoles different for certain situations. Shotguns, SMGs, Rifles. You can even have your own Light Machine Gun ! But choose the negev, since m249 is worthless. Always felt MLG quickscope power in your veins ? Buy an AWP and the power of one shot kill (Unless you hit in the legs). Or if you are poor, just buy yourself a SSG08 and go for those tasty headshots. But to be completely honest, gun you will need to master at the first place will be AK47. If you managed to learn the spray pattern, the long range potential and the power of one shot headshot (To compare, no other rifle has that power... well except the negev and the deagle, but those are not guns you will mainly play) you should be good to go to play competetive.

Competetive ? But are there any other game modes ? Yes of course. You have very old and popular arms race, where everyone shoot each other to level up the guns and in the end kill someone with a golden knife. You get the demolition. Something like competetive, but you are not allowed to buy guns, you level them up instead every round, if you get a kill. We have a deatchmatch where you can practice and warm up (And I reccomend starting the game with this), you also get the most famous :Casual. Full of unranked, new players, sometimes bored globals, but mostly people playing cs:go for fun, not for rank.
Are there any other gamemodes ? This seems boring. Of course there are plenty of community servers allowing you to play Battle Royale, Deathruns, Bhop servers, Surfs, Hide n Seek, Zombie modes and A LOT other cool stuff that myself havent managed to discover yet.
But wait, if the game seems that cool, there must be a catch to this. And yes there is. If you dont know russian... oh poor soul, wish you luck, since you will be yelled at a lot. You can also meet cheaters, obvious ones that just spinbot around killing you through 10 walls to boost the rank of some noob paying for it, or you can meet trying to boost themselfes with a slight aim assistance or bhop scripts, but its barely noticable. I rarely meet cheaters, and regulary fulfill my duty as part of the Overwatch.
Overwatch ? What is this ? Its a system implemented in the game allowing you as a player to watch a demo of a game, where somebody got reported. And the person that got reported is the POV you will see. Its completely anonymus, but also helps catching people that somehow avoid the VAC system. But dont think you will get access to it easily, takes some time.

Last thing i wanted to mention are... skins. And holy  this like csgo has its own economy. For money you buy keys, for keys you trade skins, for skins you get skins. Since if you have skins, you must be a pro player, right ? Thats silly, but some of the skins used in game cost over 10k $ and its not a joke. You can loose money opening cases, you can get yourself this kinky knife skin you always wanted. But dont get addicted to it, since me myself spent way more money on the skins than I wanted.
Well... what can I say
10/10
Looking forward to playing more.Well hi and thanks for stopping by.

After over 1000 hours of gameplay and reaching the LEM rank i consider myself expierenced player of CS:GO.
If you are thinking about buying this game, you might find this review helpfull.
What to start with... ? Surely if you are looking for highly competetive game, this is for you. You can compete with other players, and unlike in for example MOBA games, winning 1v5 is always an option. Beacouse this is the game where your personal skill matters.
But thats not the most important thing. This game teaches you teamwork, of course if you are Scream's son you can just solo win every round, but its not the goal of the game. If you solo que in competetive, you will be put in a random game with 4 random people on your team, and 5 random people in the enemy team. They can be different nationaliy, have different characters and react to things differently. But for the time of the game, 4 of your teammates are you best friends. You are supposed to watch their back, coordinate tactics to execute best situations for winning a round and communicate as much as possible.
Of course you can have a bad day, and meet 4 people that will not speak your language, will have a bad day as well and will try to grief you and loose the game on purpose. But thats just a rare percentage of my personal experience. You need to always stay positive and calm, and so will your team do.

When it comes to game mechanics. CS:GO isnt very complicated, but its very original compared to other FPS games. You are aiming your crosshair at a guy, holding that left mouse button like there is no tomorrow, but you are still not hitting ? Try chilling out a bit and just tapping that mouse. Dont run when you shoot, stop, aim up, fire. Its the way to go in CS. You will get frustrated a lot, you will curse, throw your screen out of your window, but dont worry: When you master the game, there is no better feeling than headshoting an awper with a deagle, trust me.

I mentioned a deagle... but there is a high variety of weapons in this game. Pistoles different for certain situations. Shotguns, SMGs, Rifles. You can even have your own Light Machine Gun ! But choose the negev, since m249 is worthless. Always felt MLG quickscope power in your veins ? Buy an AWP and the power of one shot kill (Unless you hit in the legs). Or if you are poor, just buy yourself a SSG08 and go for those tasty headshots. But to be completely honest, gun you will need to master at the first place will be AK47. If you managed to learn the spray pattern, the long range potential and the power of one shot headshot (To compare, no other rifle has that power... well except the negev and the deagle, but those are not guns you will mainly play) you should be good to go to play competetive.

Competetive ? But are there any other game modes ? Yes of course. You have very old and popular arms race, where everyone shoot each other to level up the guns and in the end kill someone with a golden knife. You get the demolition. Something like competetive, but you are not allowed to buy guns, you level them up instead every round, if you get a kill. We have a deatchmatch where you can practice and warm up (And I reccomend starting the game with this), you also get the most famous :Casual. Full of unranked, new players, sometimes bored globals, but mostly people playing cs:go for fun, not for rank.
Are there any other gamemodes ? This seems boring. Of course there are plenty of community servers allowing you to play Battle Royale, Deathruns, Bhop servers, Surfs, Hide n Seek, Zombie modes and A LOT other cool stuff that myself havent managed to discover yet.
But wait, if the game seems that cool, there must be a catch to this. And yes there is. If you dont know russian... oh poor soul, wish you luck, since you will be yelled at a lot. You can also meet cheaters, obvious ones that just spinbot around killing you through 10 walls to boost the rank of some noob paying for it, or you can meet trying to boost themselfes with a slight aim assistance or bhop scripts, but its barely noticable. I rarely meet cheaters, and regulary fulfill my duty as part of the Overwatch.
Overwatch ? What is this ? Its a system implemented in the game allowing you as a player to watch a demo of a game, where somebody got reported. And the person that got reported is the POV you will see. Its completely anonymus, but also helps catching people that somehow avoid the VAC system. But dont think you will get access to it easily, takes some time.

Last thing i wanted to mention are... skins. And holy  this like csgo has its own economy. For money you buy keys, for keys you trade skins, for skins you get skins. Since if you have skins, you must be a pro player, right ? Thats silly, but some of the skins used in game cost over 10k $ and its not a joke. You can loose money opening cases, you can get yourself this kinky knife skin you always wanted. But dont get addicted to it, since me myself spent way more money on the skins than I wanted.
Well... what can I say
10/10
Looking forward to playing more.Well hi and thanks for stopping by.

After over 1000 hours of gameplay and reaching the LEM rank i consider myself expierenced player of CS:GO.
If you are thinking about buying this game, you might find this review helpfull.
What to start with... ? Surely if you are looking for highly competetive game, this is for you. You can compete with other players, and unlike in for example MOBA games, winning 1v5 is always an option. Beacouse this is the game where your personal skill matters.
But thats not the most important thing. This game teaches you teamwork, of course if you are Scream's son you can just solo win every round, but its not the goal of the game. If you solo que in competetive, you will be put in a random game with 4 random people on your team, and 5 random people in the enemy team. They can be different nationaliy, have different characters and react to things differently. But for the time of the game, 4 of your teammates are you best friends. You are supposed to watch their back, coordinate tactics to execute best situations for winning a round and communicate as much as possible.
Of course you can have a bad day, and meet 4 people that will not speak your language, will have a bad day as well and will try to grief you and loose the game on purpose. But thats just a rare percentage of my personal experience. You need to always stay positive and calm, and so will your team do.

When it comes to game mechanics. CS:GO isnt very complicated, but its very original compared to other FPS games. You are aiming your crosshair at a guy, holding that left mouse button like there is no tomorrow, but you are still not hitting ? Try chilling out a bit and just tapping that mouse. Dont run when you shoot, stop, aim up, fire. Its the way to go in CS. You will get frustrated a lot, you will curse, throw your screen out of your window, but dont worry: When you master the game, there is no better feeling than headshoting an awper with a deagle, trust me.

I mentioned a deagle... but there is a high variety of weapons in this game. Pistoles different for certain situations. Shotguns, SMGs, Rifles. You can even have your own Light Machine Gun ! But choose the negev, since m249 is worthless. Always felt MLG quickscope power in your veins ? Buy an AWP and the power of one shot kill (Unless you hit in the legs). Or if you are poor, just buy yourself a SSG08 and go for those tasty headshots. But to be completely honest, gun you will need to master at the first place will be AK47. If you managed to learn the spray pattern, the long range potential and the power of one shot headshot (To compare, no other rifle has that power... well except the negev and the deagle, but those are not guns you will mainly play) you should be good to go to play competetive.

Competetive ? But are there any other game modes ? Yes of course. You have very old and popular arms race, where everyone shoot each other to level up the guns and in the end kill someone with a golden knife. You get the demolition. Something like competetive, but you are not allowed to buy guns, you level them up instead every round, if you get a kill. We have a deatchmatch where you can practice and warm up (And I reccomend starting the game with this), you also get the most famous :Casual. Full of unranked, new players, sometimes bored globals, but mostly people playing cs:go for fun, not for rank.
Are there any other gamemodes ? This seems boring. Of course there are plenty of community servers allowing you to play Battle Royale, Deathruns, Bhop servers, Surfs, Hide n Seek, Zombie modes and A LOT other cool stuff that myself havent managed to discover yet.
But wait, if the game seems that cool, there must be a catch to this. And yes there is. If you dont know russian... oh poor soul, wish you luck, since you will be yelled at a lot. You can also meet cheaters, obvious ones that just spinbot around killing you through 10 walls to boost the rank of some noob paying for it, or you can meet trying to boost themselfes with a slight aim assistance or bhop scripts, but its barely noticable. I rarely meet cheaters, and regulary fulfill my duty as part of the Overwatch.
Overwatch ? What is this ? Its a system implemented in the game allowing you as a player to watch a demo of a game, where somebody got reported. And the person that got reported is the POV you will see. Its completely anonymus, but also helps catching people that somehow avoid the VAC system. But dont think you will get access to it easily, takes some time.

Last thing i wanted to mention are... skins. And holy  this like csgo has its own economy. For money you buy keys, for keys you trade skins, for skins you get skins. Since if you have skins, you must be a pro player, right ? Thats silly, but some of the skins used in game cost over 10k $ and its not a joke. You can loose money opening cases, you can get yourself this kinky knife skin you always wanted. But dont get addicted to it, since me myself spent way more money on the skins than I wanted.
Well... what can I say
10/10
Looking forward to playing more.

Causes autism.Causes autism.Causes autism.

The only game that I have ever seen that people don't want to be on sale.The only game that I have ever seen that people don't want to be on sale.The only game that I have ever seen that people don't want to be on sale.

You either die being yelled at or end up being the one yelling.You either die being yelled at or end up being the one yelling.You either die being yelled at or end up being the one yelling.

a good game of the Counter Strike Series

if you played CS:S you will love this game too
they brought in some new modes including a regular Death Match

Skins for Weapons available in store / Steam Community Market
and a great new weapon selection screen

for the rest the game is pretty much still the same  as CS:S ,just with more Quality  and added stuff

Recommend this game for any FPS fan and CS:S player , if you havent played one of those before , its still a great game to try out

AT - 02-02-2014 , 14:56 , GMT+1a good game of the Counter Strike Series

if you played CS:S you will love this game too
they brought in some new modes including a regular Death Match

Skins for Weapons available in store / Steam Community Market
and a great new weapon selection screen

for the rest the game is pretty much still the same  as CS:S ,just with more Quality  and added stuff

Recommend this game for any FPS fan and CS:S player , if you havent played one of those before , its still a great game to try out

AT - 02-02-2014 , 14:56 , GMT+1a good game of the Counter Strike Series

if you played CS:S you will love this game too
they brought in some new modes including a regular Death Match

Skins for Weapons available in store / Steam Community Market
and a great new weapon selection screen

for the rest the game is pretty much still the same  as CS:S ,just with more Quality  and added stuff

Recommend this game for any FPS fan and CS:S player , if you havent played one of those before , its still a great game to try out

AT - 02-02-2014 , 14:56 , GMT+1

Friend Making and Breaking Simulator 2014
11/10 would recommendedFriend Making and Breaking Simulator 2014
11/10 would recommendedFriend Making and Breaking Simulator 2014
11/10 would recommended

 those chickens on Inferno.  them. Every time I watch ANY angle with an AWP one of those feathered Satans will waddle into my crosshairs and make me simultaneously shoot and sh*t myself.  them. those chickens on Inferno.  them. Every time I watch ANY angle with an AWP one of those feathered Satans will waddle into my crosshairs and make me simultaneously shoot and sh*t myself.  them. those chickens on Inferno.  them. Every time I watch ANY angle with an AWP one of those feathered Satans will waddle into my crosshairs and make me simultaneously shoot and sh*t myself.  them.

this game is so swag because im bad at itthis game is so swag because im bad at itthis game is so swag because im bad at it

If you have a russian on your team you should just surrender.

If you have a stupid person on your team you should just surrender.

If someone keeps buying a weapon they can't use.... you guessed it, surrender.

If you are good enough to carry team solo 1v5 (potentially 1v9), then welcome to CS:GO.

If you have 4 friends who can be your teammates, welcome to CS:GO.If you have a russian on your team you should just surrender.

If you have a stupid person on your team you should just surrender.

If someone keeps buying a weapon they can't use.... you guessed it, surrender.

If you are good enough to carry team solo 1v5 (potentially 1v9), then welcome to CS:GO.

If you have 4 friends who can be your teammates, welcome to CS:GO.If you have a russian on your team you should just surrender.

If you have a stupid person on your team you should just surrender.

If someone keeps buying a weapon they can't use.... you guessed it, surrender.

If you are good enough to carry team solo 1v5 (potentially 1v9), then welcome to CS:GO.

If you have 4 friends who can be your teammates, welcome to CS:GO.

Goes down with every single update ...

What we want = 128 ticks, stable servers, good VAC secure
What we get = Cheaters, new ranking system, more cheaters, and things like r8

Buy it only if you want make a smurf ( you) or if you are a masochists ...Goes down with every single update ...

What we want = 128 ticks, stable servers, good VAC secure
What we get = Cheaters, new ranking system, more cheaters, and things like r8

Buy it only if you want make a smurf ( you) or if you are a masochists ...Goes down with every single update ...

What we want = 128 ticks, stable servers, good VAC secure
What we get = Cheaters, new ranking system, more cheaters, and things like r8

Buy it only if you want make a smurf ( you) or if you are a masochists ...

Goes down with every single update ...

What we want = 128 ticks, stable servers, good VAC secure
What we get = Cheaters, new ranking system, more cheaters, and things like r8

Buy it only if you want make a smurf ( you) or if you are a masochists ...Goes down with every single update ...

What we want = 128 ticks, stable servers, good VAC secure
What we get = Cheaters, new ranking system, more cheaters, and things like r8

Buy it only if you want make a smurf ( you) or if you are a masochists ...Goes down with every single update ...

What we want = 128 ticks, stable servers, good VAC secure
What we get = Cheaters, new ranking system, more cheaters, and things like r8

Buy it only if you want make a smurf ( you) or if you are a masochists ...

If you're reading this review, be sure to read all of it due I placed an update, but I did not want to change the original review.

this game is 7/10

Positive:

[] Huge community (veteran players, kids, noobs, masters)
[] amazing eSport scene
[] Example of a team work game

Negative

[] worst system anti cheater, they can do it better, but they will not do it because valve love sell more copies to the cheaters
[]64 tick. WTF valve!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WE NEED MORE!
[] CHEATER EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!, IN DM, CASUALS, MM, DEMOLITION AND GUNGAME CHEATER EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!

this game is 7/10

EDIT: update (3 of july 2015)

I have been following the complete scene of this game and im back here to change something about my original review (that I have not modified and you can read it above).

Valve is listening to the community and they have been doing constant VAC ban waves.

Also they put some new system to prevent the immediately access in MatchMaking to the cheaters and smurfers (in this part i dont mind but for a lot of people is a issue, they are listening)

Now i can say 8/10. Great game.

EDIT: feb/11/2016 some wrong spelled words.If you're reading this review, be sure to read all of it due I placed an update, but I did not want to change the original review.

this game is 7/10

Positive:

[] Huge community (veteran players, kids, noobs, masters)
[] amazing eSport scene
[] Example of a team work game

Negative

[] worst system anti cheater, they can do it better, but they will not do it because valve love sell more copies to the cheaters
[]64 tick. WTF valve!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WE NEED MORE!
[] CHEATER EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!, IN DM, CASUALS, MM, DEMOLITION AND GUNGAME CHEATER EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!

this game is 7/10

EDIT: update (3 of july 2015)

I have been following the complete scene of this game and im back here to change something about my original review (that I have not modified and you can read it above).

Valve is listening to the community and they have been doing constant VAC ban waves.

Also they put some new system to prevent the immediately access in MatchMaking to the cheaters and smurfers (in this part i dont mind but for a lot of people is a issue, they are listening)

Now i can say 8/10. Great game.

EDIT: feb/11/2016 some wrong spelled words.If you're reading this review, be sure to read all of it due I placed an update, but I did not want to change the original review.

this game is 7/10

Positive:

[] Huge community (veteran players, kids, noobs, masters)
[] amazing eSport scene
[] Example of a team work game

Negative

[] worst system anti cheater, they can do it better, but they will not do it because valve love sell more copies to the cheaters
[]64 tick. WTF valve!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WE NEED MORE!
[] CHEATER EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!, IN DM, CASUALS, MM, DEMOLITION AND GUNGAME CHEATER EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!

this game is 7/10

EDIT: update (3 of july 2015)

I have been following the complete scene of this game and im back here to change something about my original review (that I have not modified and you can read it above).

Valve is listening to the community and they have been doing constant VAC ban waves.

Also they put some new system to prevent the immediately access in MatchMaking to the cheaters and smurfers (in this part i dont mind but for a lot of people is a issue, they are listening)

Now i can say 8/10. Great game.

EDIT: feb/11/2016 some wrong spelled words.

Get high ping enemies, try to kill, die, spazz out and get kicked. 12/10 would play again.Get high ping enemies, try to kill, die, spazz out and get kicked. 12/10 would play again.Get high ping enemies, try to kill, die, spazz out and get kicked. 12/10 would play again.

...,,, I hate u CS GO.. u  me every day, every single day.. too much pain for my .. my  cant stand...,,, I hate u CS GO.. u  me every day, every single day.. too much pain for my .. my  cant stand...,,, I hate u CS GO.. u  me every day, every single day.. too much pain for my .. my  cant stand

You can learn Russian in only 2 hours!
You can learn Russian in only 2 hours!
You can learn Russian in only 2 hours!


Probably one of the best games ever made.Probably one of the best games ever made.Probably one of the best games ever made.

Don't...even...bother... not picking up this game! This game has changed my life completely. I'm now sober (6 months! I know, still keeping my fingers crossed, because of my relapse last year), and I'm also off Heroin. Last year was a difficult year for me, I was diagnosed with testicular cancer, something about the way I rest my laptop on my left testicle that managed to cause internal bleeding. Ever since I picked up CS:Go a few months ago, I've stopped resting my laptop on my testicles, instead I've been resting my testicles on my laptop. I thank the developers of this game for creating a masterpiece, and creating a beacon of hope for when I needed it the most.


Graphics:8/10
Audio: 7/10
Gameplay:9/10
Life Changing experience: 9001/10 (Thats over 9000!)

Thank you source team for bringing me Counter-Strike: GODon't...even...bother... not picking up this game! This game has changed my life completely. I'm now sober (6 months! I know, still keeping my fingers crossed, because of my relapse last year), and I'm also off Heroin. Last year was a difficult year for me, I was diagnosed with testicular cancer, something about the way I rest my laptop on my left testicle that managed to cause internal bleeding. Ever since I picked up CS:Go a few months ago, I've stopped resting my laptop on my testicles, instead I've been resting my testicles on my laptop. I thank the developers of this game for creating a masterpiece, and creating a beacon of hope for when I needed it the most.


Graphics:8/10
Audio: 7/10
Gameplay:9/10
Life Changing experience: 9001/10 (Thats over 9000!)

Thank you source team for bringing me Counter-Strike: GODon't...even...bother... not picking up this game! This game has changed my life completely. I'm now sober (6 months! I know, still keeping my fingers crossed, because of my relapse last year), and I'm also off Heroin. Last year was a difficult year for me, I was diagnosed with testicular cancer, something about the way I rest my laptop on my left testicle that managed to cause internal bleeding. Ever since I picked up CS:Go a few months ago, I've stopped resting my laptop on my testicles, instead I've been resting my testicles on my laptop. I thank the developers of this game for creating a masterpiece, and creating a beacon of hope for when I needed it the most.


Graphics:8/10
Audio: 7/10
Gameplay:9/10
Life Changing experience: 9001/10 (Thats over 9000!)

Thank you source team for bringing me Counter-Strike: GO

What I've learnt from this game:
~Little kids who scream into the mic everytime they die or you kill them
~Get a knife and everyone treats you like a god
~Knives in real life cost $10, knives in-game go for $50-$400. 10/10
~If you want to learn russian quickly, this is the game for you.
~Make 1 mistake and your whole team blames you
~I don't always throw flashbangs, but when I do, I flashbang my own team
~Can't aim for crap
~Those types of people who think they're cool, good, and insult others because they're bad
~Kill chickens and you get points for doing so. So THAT'S where kfc gets their chicken.
~Unbox cases and get nothing but beautiful battle-scarred blues
~Your friend opens 1 case and gets a rare stat trak factory new knife. #Logic

Overall: 7/10 would play again, but needs conga and hats~IGNWhat I've learnt from this game:
~Little kids who scream into the mic everytime they die or you kill them
~Get a knife and everyone treats you like a god
~Knives in real life cost $10, knives in-game go for $50-$400. 10/10
~If you want to learn russian quickly, this is the game for you.
~Make 1 mistake and your whole team blames you
~I don't always throw flashbangs, but when I do, I flashbang my own team
~Can't aim for crap
~Those types of people who think they're cool, good, and insult others because they're bad
~Kill chickens and you get points for doing so. So THAT'S where kfc gets their chicken.
~Unbox cases and get nothing but beautiful battle-scarred blues
~Your friend opens 1 case and gets a rare stat trak factory new knife. #Logic

Overall: 7/10 would play again, but needs conga and hats~IGNWhat I've learnt from this game:
~Little kids who scream into the mic everytime they die or you kill them
~Get a knife and everyone treats you like a god
~Knives in real life cost $10, knives in-game go for $50-$400. 10/10
~If you want to learn russian quickly, this is the game for you.
~Make 1 mistake and your whole team blames you
~I don't always throw flashbangs, but when I do, I flashbang my own team
~Can't aim for crap
~Those types of people who think they're cool, good, and insult others because they're bad
~Kill chickens and you get points for doing so. So THAT'S where kfc gets their chicken.
~Unbox cases and get nothing but beautiful battle-scarred blues
~Your friend opens 1 case and gets a rare stat trak factory new knife. #Logic

Overall: 7/10 would play again, but needs conga and hats~IGN

Counter Strike: Source to me is one of the most fun games I have ever layed hands on, and Global Offensive does not dissapoint. This game is easy to get into, yet difficult to master. You can play competitively, or casually, on various well-designed maps with a great and large community. You can try out Counter Strike: Source for a couple of bucks less and if you enjoy it, then this game definetly is a must-have.Counter Strike: Source to me is one of the most fun games I have ever layed hands on, and Global Offensive does not dissapoint. This game is easy to get into, yet difficult to master. You can play competitively, or casually, on various well-designed maps with a great and large community. You can try out Counter Strike: Source for a couple of bucks less and if you enjoy it, then this game definetly is a must-have.Counter Strike: Source to me is one of the most fun games I have ever layed hands on, and Global Offensive does not dissapoint. This game is easy to get into, yet difficult to master. You can play competitively, or casually, on various well-designed maps with a great and large community. You can try out Counter Strike: Source for a couple of bucks less and if you enjoy it, then this game definetly is a must-have.

Lolis.Lolis.Lolis.

Are you willing to spend hundreds of dollars on learning Russian? Silly you!

All you need is one of the steam's most popular games: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. It costs only 11 euros! So now you can save a lot of money, that you can spend on digital-not-worth-IRL skins!

First you'll learn swears. They are really famous, too bad they're censored on steam. Anyways, if you keep going, soon you'll be a master in russian.

You either die a russian hater or live long enough to start turning into a russian." - Lazo "  " Draga (me)"Are you willing to spend hundreds of dollars on learning Russian? Silly you!

All you need is one of the steam's most popular games: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. It costs only 11 euros! So now you can save a lot of money, that you can spend on digital-not-worth-IRL skins!

First you'll learn swears. They are really famous, too bad they're censored on steam. Anyways, if you keep going, soon you'll be a master in russian.

You either die a russian hater or live long enough to start turning into a russian." - Lazo "  " Draga (me)"Are you willing to spend hundreds of dollars on learning Russian? Silly you!

All you need is one of the steam's most popular games: Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. It costs only 11 euros! So now you can save a lot of money, that you can spend on digital-not-worth-IRL skins!

First you'll learn swears. They are really famous, too bad they're censored on steam. Anyways, if you keep going, soon you'll be a master in russian.

You either die a russian hater or live long enough to start turning into a russian." - Lazo "  " Draga (me)"

i lyk dis gaym cuz it haz gunz. 10/10i lyk dis gaym cuz it haz gunz. 10/10i lyk dis gaym cuz it haz gunz. 10/10

Well, where do I begin?
CS:GO is a First Person Shooter in the long running Counter Strike series where you play as a Terrorist or a Counter Terrorist and spend countless hours trying to blow up or disarm a bomb, or better yet obliterate your opposition.
Learning the game is not so easy and so is mastering it. It makes the game that more challenging.

What I personally really like about this game is the strong relationship with the developer and the average player, with enough trust you can really help the community to get rid of cheaters using the overwatch system which lets you oversee a match from the eyes of the suspect and do your good deed.

You can also give your feedback about flaws in thr map design and if your word gets out loud enough, Valve will make the change. Over the course of this game's lifespan there has been countless map changes.

The general community consists out of not very bright people, I don't know if this is just me playing on European servers, but it's impossible to get matched with decent people at the high-mid ranks (DMG-ish) therefore I always perfer to play with friends.

A quite huge part of the game are the weapon skins which in my opinion are a really great addition, because they're purely cosmetic but also are very valuable, personally I made over $400 just by buying and selling various weapon skins. I still keep a few to myself because there is no shame in investing money into something you love. I still kinda hate the taxing when selling your items on the community market, but there's nothing you can do.

I really don't know what else to say, I guess you can't aim down the sights?
Oh yeah workshop, and the game itself is very very customizable with a developer console and whatnot. Totally worth the $14.99Well, where do I begin?
CS:GO is a First Person Shooter in the long running Counter Strike series where you play as a Terrorist or a Counter Terrorist and spend countless hours trying to blow up or disarm a bomb, or better yet obliterate your opposition.
Learning the game is not so easy and so is mastering it. It makes the game that more challenging.

What I personally really like about this game is the strong relationship with the developer and the average player, with enough trust you can really help the community to get rid of cheaters using the overwatch system which lets you oversee a match from the eyes of the suspect and do your good deed.

You can also give your feedback about flaws in thr map design and if your word gets out loud enough, Valve will make the change. Over the course of this game's lifespan there has been countless map changes.

The general community consists out of not very bright people, I don't know if this is just me playing on European servers, but it's impossible to get matched with decent people at the high-mid ranks (DMG-ish) therefore I always perfer to play with friends.

A quite huge part of the game are the weapon skins which in my opinion are a really great addition, because they're purely cosmetic but also are very valuable, personally I made over $400 just by buying and selling various weapon skins. I still keep a few to myself because there is no shame in investing money into something you love. I still kinda hate the taxing when selling your items on the community market, but there's nothing you can do.

I really don't know what else to say, I guess you can't aim down the sights?
Oh yeah workshop, and the game itself is very very customizable with a developer console and whatnot. Totally worth the $14.99Well, where do I begin?
CS:GO is a First Person Shooter in the long running Counter Strike series where you play as a Terrorist or a Counter Terrorist and spend countless hours trying to blow up or disarm a bomb, or better yet obliterate your opposition.
Learning the game is not so easy and so is mastering it. It makes the game that more challenging.

What I personally really like about this game is the strong relationship with the developer and the average player, with enough trust you can really help the community to get rid of cheaters using the overwatch system which lets you oversee a match from the eyes of the suspect and do your good deed.

You can also give your feedback about flaws in thr map design and if your word gets out loud enough, Valve will make the change. Over the course of this game's lifespan there has been countless map changes.

The general community consists out of not very bright people, I don't know if this is just me playing on European servers, but it's impossible to get matched with decent people at the high-mid ranks (DMG-ish) therefore I always perfer to play with friends.

A quite huge part of the game are the weapon skins which in my opinion are a really great addition, because they're purely cosmetic but also are very valuable, personally I made over $400 just by buying and selling various weapon skins. I still keep a few to myself because there is no shame in investing money into something you love. I still kinda hate the taxing when selling your items on the community market, but there's nothing you can do.

I really don't know what else to say, I guess you can't aim down the sights?
Oh yeah workshop, and the game itself is very very customizable with a developer console and whatnot. Totally worth the $14.99

Fun game, one of the only games i constantly play... Its just too ing bad I was born female. Sick of being killed by my team, getting told to kill myself and my family, getting insulted with sexist and gamer girl" stereotypes and constantly told that im not good enough. But I keep playingFun game, one of the only games i constantly play... Its just too ing bad I was born female. Sick of being killed by my team, getting told to kill myself and my family, getting insulted with sexist and gamer girl" stereotypes and constantly told that im not good enough. But I keep playingFun game, one of the only games i constantly play... Its just too ing bad I was born female. Sick of being killed by my team, getting told to kill myself and my family, getting insulted with sexist and gamer girl" stereotypes and constantly told that im not good enough. But I keep playing

Sick Counter-Strike game, with a bad execution on how the game was developed, but for sake of growth, ill play till i dieSick Counter-Strike game, with a bad execution on how the game was developed, but for sake of growth, ill play till i dieSick Counter-Strike game, with a bad execution on how the game was developed, but for sake of growth, ill play till i die

BEST GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!BEST GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!BEST GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!

Simply put: one of the most competitive games in Steam. Recommended.Simply put: one of the most competitive games in Steam. Recommended.Simply put: one of the most competitive games in Steam. Recommended.

Skin addictionSkin addictionSkin addiction

Revolver sucksRevolver sucksRevolver sucks

smerfssmerfssmerfs

Rush BRush BRush B

Skin addictionSkin addictionSkin addiction

Simply put: one of the most competitive games in Steam. Recommended.Simply put: one of the most competitive games in Steam. Recommended.Simply put: one of the most competitive games in Steam. Recommended.

CS:GO my lovely game <3CS:GO my lovely game <3CS:GO my lovely game <3

One of the best of the CS series. Sure the first CS is the leader of them all, but CS:GO just puts the series onto a whole new level. It proves that Source can give amazing graphics as well as incredible gameplay, and it shows that CS will never die out. I think this is an amazing release made by VALVe and it's worth every penny.

EDIT: Oh and to add, this review was made before the release date of CS:GO - this is to prove to the people who don't believe me when I say I was in the CS:GO closed beta.

EDIT2: A screenshot of CS:GO uploaded on April 2012: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=4979974 Many months before public release!One of the best of the CS series. Sure the first CS is the leader of them all, but CS:GO just puts the series onto a whole new level. It proves that Source can give amazing graphics as well as incredible gameplay, and it shows that CS will never die out. I think this is an amazing release made by VALVe and it's worth every penny.

EDIT: Oh and to add, this review was made before the release date of CS:GO - this is to prove to the people who don't believe me when I say I was in the CS:GO closed beta.

EDIT2: A screenshot of CS:GO uploaded on April 2012: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=4979974 Many months before public release!One of the best of the CS series. Sure the first CS is the leader of them all, but CS:GO just puts the series onto a whole new level. It proves that Source can give amazing graphics as well as incredible gameplay, and it shows that CS will never die out. I think this is an amazing release made by VALVe and it's worth every penny.

EDIT: Oh and to add, this review was made before the release date of CS:GO - this is to prove to the people who don't believe me when I say I was in the CS:GO closed beta.

EDIT2: A screenshot of CS:GO uploaded on April 2012: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=4979974 Many months before public release!

At first I was like HeyAt first I was like HeyAt first I was like Hey

I like this gameI like this gameI like this game

CS:GO mixes up Source and CS 1.6 gameplay.
The recoil and the flashbangs are more 1.6 like and the rest is pretty much Source.
In CS you have no aim-down-sights-feature what means that you have to control your fire by shooting short salves or single shots. You can also learn the gun's spraypatterns by holding down fire-key and noticing the bullet-impacts (on distance they aren't really noticable but on short to middle ranges it works pretty well). In long range firefights people mostly strafe left and right, shoot single shots and try to hit their opponents head (unrealistic.. but interessting and challenging). You can duck pretty fast but it has almost no effect on your precision. You will be slow and more vulnerable. Flanking is hard in this game, because there is no sprint and maps are designed to have clear, mostly open ways. You can hide in only very very few situations because mostly you have great visibility (It's a bit bad and sometimes irritating that you can not disable blood decals). Mostly the only cover you can get is behind corners or of course headglitch-positions.
In this game you can not go phrone or lean around corners. I think leaning would be a nice addition but no.. this game is still remains classic.

Armor is more helpful than it was in Source. To me it feels like it's more important to land headshots. Because of that it's rather unlikely to get wallbang-kills. It's hard to spray, there is not much hit-slowdown and armor is very powerful.. and sometimes wallbanging feels a bit random.

The sound in this game is good. You mostly hear exactly when people run, shoot or jump. You can mostly locate loud players really precisely (unlike in most modern games, where you mostly have crazy boominess or randomized sound.. because of perks for example). Counter-Strike is mostly comprehensible.

Some maps got a really nice overhaul (dust2, dust1, aztec, office, militia, mirage).. Train and Cobble are very different compared to Source or 1.6. Personally I don't like them that much.. Inferno is very similar to the Source-version (they only changed some wall textures and made some minor changes).
It's good that Valve changed the hostage rescue mode. Now it's more tactical and more objective based, but I think this mode doesn't work that good with the old map layouts.
It's sad that there are only very few new competetive maps. Instead of new official maps there are buyable community-mappacks which are available in competetive and causal matchmaking for a period of time.

The ability to find or buy weapon-skins is new in CS:GO. On the one hand it is cool to have camos on your guns, on the other hand it's bad that you mostly find bad looking and/or bad quality skins (or cases). Most camos look  very colourful and not realistic. If you want good looking skins you most likely end up buying the skins for real money (on the steam marketplace).

Conclusion:
CS:GO is a new CS with mediocore graphics (the textures are mostly 512x512 pixels and could be better, sometimes the bloom- and post-process-effects are a bit annoying and also some animations could be better), reworked maps, new recoil and still not perfectly balanced guns (but it's fine). It has most things that the old CS-games already had but also some new things.
There is ranked matchmaking, a great HUD and an easy to use replay-function. It's also very nice that you still have dedicated servers. You have the possibility to make your own maps and use server-mods. These are all great features that every modern FPS game should have.
If you want to customize the look of your guns, you will have to pay for it. It's very very unlikely to find good skins and the amount of skin-drops is limited to 2-8 drops per week.
All in all I think CS:GO is a game that continiues the series in a moderate way. It could be better but it could also be a lot worse. Since this game is not too expensive I can recommend you getting this game.CS:GO mixes up Source and CS 1.6 gameplay.
The recoil and the flashbangs are more 1.6 like and the rest is pretty much Source.
In CS you have no aim-down-sights-feature what means that you have to control your fire by shooting short salves or single shots. You can also learn the gun's spraypatterns by holding down fire-key and noticing the bullet-impacts (on distance they aren't really noticable but on short to middle ranges it works pretty well). In long range firefights people mostly strafe left and right, shoot single shots and try to hit their opponents head (unrealistic.. but interessting and challenging). You can duck pretty fast but it has almost no effect on your precision. You will be slow and more vulnerable. Flanking is hard in this game, because there is no sprint and maps are designed to have clear, mostly open ways. You can hide in only very very few situations because mostly you have great visibility (It's a bit bad and sometimes irritating that you can not disable blood decals). Mostly the only cover you can get is behind corners or of course headglitch-positions.
In this game you can not go phrone or lean around corners. I think leaning would be a nice addition but no.. this game is still remains classic.

Armor is more helpful than it was in Source. To me it feels like it's more important to land headshots. Because of that it's rather unlikely to get wallbang-kills. It's hard to spray, there is not much hit-slowdown and armor is very powerful.. and sometimes wallbanging feels a bit random.

The sound in this game is good. You mostly hear exactly when people run, shoot or jump. You can mostly locate loud players really precisely (unlike in most modern games, where you mostly have crazy boominess or randomized sound.. because of perks for example). Counter-Strike is mostly comprehensible.

Some maps got a really nice overhaul (dust2, dust1, aztec, office, militia, mirage).. Train and Cobble are very different compared to Source or 1.6. Personally I don't like them that much.. Inferno is very similar to the Source-version (they only changed some wall textures and made some minor changes).
It's good that Valve changed the hostage rescue mode. Now it's more tactical and more objective based, but I think this mode doesn't work that good with the old map layouts.
It's sad that there are only very few new competetive maps. Instead of new official maps there are buyable community-mappacks which are available in competetive and causal matchmaking for a period of time.

The ability to find or buy weapon-skins is new in CS:GO. On the one hand it is cool to have camos on your guns, on the other hand it's bad that you mostly find bad looking and/or bad quality skins (or cases). Most camos look  very colourful and not realistic. If you want good looking skins you most likely end up buying the skins for real money (on the steam marketplace).

Conclusion:
CS:GO is a new CS with mediocore graphics (the textures are mostly 512x512 pixels and could be better, sometimes the bloom- and post-process-effects are a bit annoying and also some animations could be better), reworked maps, new recoil and still not perfectly balanced guns (but it's fine). It has most things that the old CS-games already had but also some new things.
There is ranked matchmaking, a great HUD and an easy to use replay-function. It's also very nice that you still have dedicated servers. You have the possibility to make your own maps and use server-mods. These are all great features that every modern FPS game should have.
If you want to customize the look of your guns, you will have to pay for it. It's very very unlikely to find good skins and the amount of skin-drops is limited to 2-8 drops per week.
All in all I think CS:GO is a game that continiues the series in a moderate way. It could be better but it could also be a lot worse. Since this game is not too expensive I can recommend you getting this game.CS:GO mixes up Source and CS 1.6 gameplay.
The recoil and the flashbangs are more 1.6 like and the rest is pretty much Source.
In CS you have no aim-down-sights-feature what means that you have to control your fire by shooting short salves or single shots. You can also learn the gun's spraypatterns by holding down fire-key and noticing the bullet-impacts (on distance they aren't really noticable but on short to middle ranges it works pretty well). In long range firefights people mostly strafe left and right, shoot single shots and try to hit their opponents head (unrealistic.. but interessting and challenging). You can duck pretty fast but it has almost no effect on your precision. You will be slow and more vulnerable. Flanking is hard in this game, because there is no sprint and maps are designed to have clear, mostly open ways. You can hide in only very very few situations because mostly you have great visibility (It's a bit bad and sometimes irritating that you can not disable blood decals). Mostly the only cover you can get is behind corners or of course headglitch-positions.
In this game you can not go phrone or lean around corners. I think leaning would be a nice addition but no.. this game is still remains classic.

Armor is more helpful than it was in Source. To me it feels like it's more important to land headshots. Because of that it's rather unlikely to get wallbang-kills. It's hard to spray, there is not much hit-slowdown and armor is very powerful.. and sometimes wallbanging feels a bit random.

The sound in this game is good. You mostly hear exactly when people run, shoot or jump. You can mostly locate loud players really precisely (unlike in most modern games, where you mostly have crazy boominess or randomized sound.. because of perks for example). Counter-Strike is mostly comprehensible.

Some maps got a really nice overhaul (dust2, dust1, aztec, office, militia, mirage).. Train and Cobble are very different compared to Source or 1.6. Personally I don't like them that much.. Inferno is very similar to the Source-version (they only changed some wall textures and made some minor changes).
It's good that Valve changed the hostage rescue mode. Now it's more tactical and more objective based, but I think this mode doesn't work that good with the old map layouts.
It's sad that there are only very few new competetive maps. Instead of new official maps there are buyable community-mappacks which are available in competetive and causal matchmaking for a period of time.

The ability to find or buy weapon-skins is new in CS:GO. On the one hand it is cool to have camos on your guns, on the other hand it's bad that you mostly find bad looking and/or bad quality skins (or cases). Most camos look  very colourful and not realistic. If you want good looking skins you most likely end up buying the skins for real money (on the steam marketplace).

Conclusion:
CS:GO is a new CS with mediocore graphics (the textures are mostly 512x512 pixels and could be better, sometimes the bloom- and post-process-effects are a bit annoying and also some animations could be better), reworked maps, new recoil and still not perfectly balanced guns (but it's fine). It has most things that the old CS-games already had but also some new things.
There is ranked matchmaking, a great HUD and an easy to use replay-function. It's also very nice that you still have dedicated servers. You have the possibility to make your own maps and use server-mods. These are all great features that every modern FPS game should have.
If you want to customize the look of your guns, you will have to pay for it. It's very very unlikely to find good skins and the amount of skin-drops is limited to 2-8 drops per week.
All in all I think CS:GO is a game that continiues the series in a moderate way. It could be better but it could also be a lot worse. Since this game is not too expensive I can recommend you getting this game.

Gave me extreme autism and PTSD.


































































some guy called my mum a scurvy wench also



































not badGave me extreme autism and PTSD.


































































some guy called my mum a scurvy wench also



































not badGave me extreme autism and PTSD.


































































some guy called my mum a scurvy wench also



































not bad

Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Pod sosnuyu, pod zelenoyu
Spat' polozhite vy menya,
Aaaaaaaaaj!
Aj lyuli, lyuli, aj, lyuli, lyuli,
Spat' polozhite vy menya

Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Krasavica, duscha-devica,
Pozholej zhe ty menya,
Aj, lyuli, lyuli, lyuli, lyuli,
Pozholej zhe ty menya!

Kalinka, kalinka, kalinochka kalinochka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinochka moya!
Hej Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

HEJ!Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Pod sosnuyu, pod zelenoyu
Spat' polozhite vy menya,
Aaaaaaaaaj!
Aj lyuli, lyuli, aj, lyuli, lyuli,
Spat' polozhite vy menya

Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Krasavica, duscha-devica,
Pozholej zhe ty menya,
Aj, lyuli, lyuli, lyuli, lyuli,
Pozholej zhe ty menya!

Kalinka, kalinka, kalinochka kalinochka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinochka moya!
Hej Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

HEJ!Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Pod sosnuyu, pod zelenoyu
Spat' polozhite vy menya,
Aaaaaaaaaj!
Aj lyuli, lyuli, aj, lyuli, lyuli,
Spat' polozhite vy menya

Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Krasavica, duscha-devica,
Pozholej zhe ty menya,
Aj, lyuli, lyuli, lyuli, lyuli,
Pozholej zhe ty menya!

Kalinka, kalinka, kalinochka kalinochka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinochka moya!
Hej Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

HEJ!

Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Pod sosnuyu, pod zelenoyu
Spat' polozhite vy menya,
Aaaaaaaaaj!
Aj lyuli, lyuli, aj, lyuli, lyuli,
Spat' polozhite vy menya

Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Krasavica, duscha-devica,
Pozholej zhe ty menya,
Aj, lyuli, lyuli, lyuli, lyuli,
Pozholej zhe ty menya!

Kalinka, kalinka, kalinochka kalinochka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinochka moya!
Hej Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

HEJ!Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Pod sosnuyu, pod zelenoyu
Spat' polozhite vy menya,
Aaaaaaaaaj!
Aj lyuli, lyuli, aj, lyuli, lyuli,
Spat' polozhite vy menya

Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Krasavica, duscha-devica,
Pozholej zhe ty menya,
Aj, lyuli, lyuli, lyuli, lyuli,
Pozholej zhe ty menya!

Kalinka, kalinka, kalinochka kalinochka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinochka moya!
Hej Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!
Hej! Kalinka, kalinka, kalinka moya!
V sadu yagoda malinka, malinka moya!

HEJ!

So many Russians it gave me anal bleeding, 10/10So many Russians it gave me anal bleeding, 10/10

One of the best games i played. I bought it, thought nothing of it. Played it again a month later and insantly got addicted, since then i've not came off it. 10/10 would buy again. 0/10 would buy a key again. :@
One of the best games i played. I bought it, thought nothing of it. Played it again a month later and insantly got addicted, since then i've not came off it. 10/10 would buy again. 0/10 would buy a key again. :@


The Ultimate FPS shooter. If you are an FPS fan this is the game for you. High skill, fast paced rounds, intense gun battles. If you are one of the few people on steam who don't have this game, I highly suggest you add this to your collection.The Ultimate FPS shooter. If you are an FPS fan this is the game for you. High skill, fast paced rounds, intense gun battles. If you are one of the few people on steam who don't have this game, I highly suggest you add this to your collection.

This is a  game, ing t im gonna kill myself next time i play it. 0/1000This is a  game, ing t im gonna kill myself next time i play it. 0/1000

A CSGO a day keeps the COD away.A CSGO a day keeps the COD away.

It is an improved Counter-Strike over Source, but there are a large number of problems. Getting kicked out of competitive or leaving in the middle of the round can result in a time-out, accuracy problems, hardware problems and more. However it is still Counter-Strike from deep within, and I like playing it. It just needs to be a little bit reworked.It is an improved Counter-Strike over Source, but there are a large number of problems. Getting kicked out of competitive or leaving in the middle of the round can result in a time-out, accuracy problems, hardware problems and more. However it is still Counter-Strike from deep within, and I like playing it. It just needs to be a little bit reworked.

This game cost me 4 girlfriends, $300, a social life and my high school grades. 10/10 would derank again.This game cost me 4 girlfriends, $300, a social life and my high school grades. 10/10 would derank again.

This game allows me to not go outside and socialize with people anymore.

10/10 would bang againThis game allows me to not go outside and socialize with people anymore.

10/10 would bang again

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive After 1k of hours spended on that game I can finally say that is a good time to make a reviev. It is a very fun game but destroyed by the community. Most people do not treat this game as fun this game becomes a battlefield of insults and lack of courtesy. In this game if you failed it at something and you die there is no forgive you will be called a noob or even worse, and probably you will be kicked from the game. And talking about the Russians that they scream in their own language is bad but I meet a lot of people from that country that was nice for me. Let's not forget the on our way we meet two of the worst groups of players: Those who do not know how to lose, and the mass of childrens who most likely they squeaky voice gonna to  you off, and almost I forgot about cheaters. I highly recommend to everybody that masterpiece. During the game you will know a lot of very friendly people that will probably hate you for no reason. Maybe it's because their brains totally burned out by this game or skins, I don't know but hey have fun and like my reviev or no whatever, just leave me alone.Counter-Strike: Global Offensive After 1k of hours spended on that game I can finally say that is a good time to make a reviev. It is a very fun game but destroyed by the community. Most people do not treat this game as fun this game becomes a battlefield of insults and lack of courtesy. In this game if you failed it at something and you die there is no forgive you will be called a noob or even worse, and probably you will be kicked from the game. And talking about the Russians that they scream in their own language is bad but I meet a lot of people from that country that was nice for me. Let's not forget the on our way we meet two of the worst groups of players: Those who do not know how to lose, and the mass of childrens who most likely they squeaky voice gonna to  you off, and almost I forgot about cheaters. I highly recommend to everybody that masterpiece. During the game you will know a lot of very friendly people that will probably hate you for no reason. Maybe it's because their brains totally burned out by this game or skins, I don't know but hey have fun and like my reviev or no whatever, just leave me alone.

As a fellow Amurican, I have always felt the need to shoot terrorists in the face while eating a KFC Double Down Sandwich. Now that I have CS:GO, I can shoot the brown people, then wash it down with a Super Duper Double Big Gulp from 7 Eleven, and some homemade deep fried apple pie. God Bless this countryAs a fellow Amurican, I have always felt the need to shoot terrorists in the face while eating a KFC Double Down Sandwich. Now that I have CS:GO, I can shoot the brown people, then wash it down with a Super Duper Double Big Gulp from 7 Eleven, and some homemade deep fried apple pie. God Bless this country

I thought I will play this for a week or two :P
NOW I PLAY THIS EVERY DAY ALL THE DAY AND I WANT TO GET COOL SKINS!I thought I will play this for a week or two :P
NOW I PLAY THIS EVERY DAY ALL THE DAY AND I WANT TO GET COOL SKINS!

Very nice game, really loving it.Very nice game, really loving it.

Pretty good game overall. If you're bad at FPS's or you aren't very good at aiming, I don't recommend playing because you'll most likely be called an Autistic " by "pros". Then next round they get knifed and you can't help but laugh at that . 9/10"Pretty good game overall. If you're bad at FPS's or you aren't very good at aiming, I don't recommend playing because you'll most likely be called an Autistic " by "pros". Then next round they get knifed and you can't help but laugh at that . 9/10"

Best chicken designs and animations. 10/10Best chicken designs and animations. 10/10

Ever since buying this game, I have:
+Learned very fluent Russian and I'm able to communicate with other Russians
+Never seen the sunlight since I bought it
+Lost all of my friends
+Spent almost $1000 on virtual pixels
+Learned how many immature 12 year olds have ed my mother
+Learned, that if you have no skins - you're either noob, or a smurf
+Died from the inside of all the P90s and autosnipers!Ever since buying this game, I have:
+Learned very fluent Russian and I'm able to communicate with other Russians
+Never seen the sunlight since I bought it
+Lost all of my friends
+Spent almost $1000 on virtual pixels
+Learned how many immature 12 year olds have ed my mother
+Learned, that if you have no skins - you're either noob, or a smurf
+Died from the inside of all the P90s and autosnipers!

m haah headshot potentialm haah headshot potential

I don't really know why Global Offensive costs less than Source, but nevertheless, this is a great game, the successor of a real legend. It's a little hard to adapt if you come from games like Battlefield or CoD because of the recoil and no sights, but if you are dedicated, you can master it in no time. If you are a fan of shooters, you MUST play this game... but warning: it'll be addicting as hell.I don't really know why Global Offensive costs less than Source, but nevertheless, this is a great game, the successor of a real legend. It's a little hard to adapt if you come from games like Battlefield or CoD because of the recoil and no sights, but if you are dedicated, you can master it in no time. If you are a fan of shooters, you MUST play this game... but warning: it'll be addicting as hell.

I ignored this game for so long hoping it would get better but it hasn't. It shockingly got even worse.

Before I start lets get into the history of Counter Strike. The Original CS was a fun competitive game that still remains superior to it's sequel, CS:source. CS:source was popular mainly because of the large amounts of custom maps that were flooded into the game but killed competitive CS and turned the game into a casual shooter.

Then CS:GO came.  This game was made solely for micro transactions, but to be honest any game made by valve will be from now on. But the game has no major changes from cs:source other than skins and cosmetics. Furthermore these weapon skins and cosmetics feel like something that fits more in tf2. Bright pink guns and meme stickers make me want to vomit. But hey, if you want to spend $300 on a knife skin that you will never use or get a kill on be my guest. Another problem are the guns. None of them are balanced in the game. Most famous one being the awp, the 1 shot 1 kill weapon. And last we have the matchmaking. It is some of the worst matchmaking I have ever seen. Any game where it takes over 5min. to get into a match fails, and cs:go has no excuse seeing as how as of this review it is the second most played game on steam.

And lastly the main reason I hate this game, is the community. So I was on a server, everyone was dead. It was me vs. the entire other team and as you would guess, I died. Then some squeaker yells over the mic what the f#ck you idiot!" and starts a vote kick on me that passed. The other way around happened where I hid in a corner no one checked and shot the entire enemy team and won and I get "You f#cking hacker!" and get kicked.

This stuff is normal when you play this game because 75% of everyone playing it is some annoying kid with some kind of meme name. On top of that this game is full of Russians that like to yell. A lot. Now you would think that when you play on a west coast server Russians wouldn't join because bad pingI ignored this game for so long hoping it would get better but it hasn't. It shockingly got even worse.

Before I start lets get into the history of Counter Strike. The Original CS was a fun competitive game that still remains superior to it's sequel, CS:source. CS:source was popular mainly because of the large amounts of custom maps that were flooded into the game but killed competitive CS and turned the game into a casual shooter.

Then CS:GO came.  This game was made solely for micro transactions, but to be honest any game made by valve will be from now on. But the game has no major changes from cs:source other than skins and cosmetics. Furthermore these weapon skins and cosmetics feel like something that fits more in tf2. Bright pink guns and meme stickers make me want to vomit. But hey, if you want to spend $300 on a knife skin that you will never use or get a kill on be my guest. Another problem are the guns. None of them are balanced in the game. Most famous one being the awp, the 1 shot 1 kill weapon. And last we have the matchmaking. It is some of the worst matchmaking I have ever seen. Any game where it takes over 5min. to get into a match fails, and cs:go has no excuse seeing as how as of this review it is the second most played game on steam.

And lastly the main reason I hate this game, is the community. So I was on a server, everyone was dead. It was me vs. the entire other team and as you would guess, I died. Then some squeaker yells over the mic what the f#ck you idiot!" and starts a vote kick on me that passed. The other way around happened where I hid in a corner no one checked and shot the entire enemy team and won and I get "You f#cking hacker!" and get kicked.

This stuff is normal when you play this game because 75% of everyone playing it is some annoying kid with some kind of meme name. On top of that this game is full of Russians that like to yell. A lot. Now you would think that when you play on a west coast server Russians wouldn't join because bad ping

I joined arms race but I still used my legs

1/10I joined arms race but I still used my legs

1/10

So, after 1000 Hours of this game, I know pretty much all I need to know for a review. This game is amazing and all, but there are a couple flaws. I am currently MG1, and it was a long road to get there. I had the troubles, of when I got on a large win streak, I would be on a game I was certain I would rank up, then of course a hacker would have to be on the other team. All we could do was report them, and then get on with our lives. Then, after another long win streak, I was about to rank up when I got Derankers. Of course, all I could do was report them for griefing and move on with my life. Then, there is the factor of constantly versing smurfs. There is a small chance of winning when against a smurf, and it gets on my nerves when there is a whole team of smurfs against just a normal team of my rank.

If you can get games with no smurfs, derankers or hackers, this game is amazing and I enjoy everything about it other than what was just mentioned.

I give it a 8/10. (-2 for hackers etc)So, after 1000 Hours of this game, I know pretty much all I need to know for a review. This game is amazing and all, but there are a couple flaws. I am currently MG1, and it was a long road to get there. I had the troubles, of when I got on a large win streak, I would be on a game I was certain I would rank up, then of course a hacker would have to be on the other team. All we could do was report them, and then get on with our lives. Then, after another long win streak, I was about to rank up when I got Derankers. Of course, all I could do was report them for griefing and move on with my life. Then, there is the factor of constantly versing smurfs. There is a small chance of winning when against a smurf, and it gets on my nerves when there is a whole team of smurfs against just a normal team of my rank.

If you can get games with no smurfs, derankers or hackers, this game is amazing and I enjoy everything about it other than what was just mentioned.

I give it a 8/10. (-2 for hackers etc)

Have yet to earn a killstreak 1/10Have yet to earn a killstreak 1/10

Ever since buying this game, I have:
+Learned very fluent Russian and I'm able to communicate with other Russians
+Never seen the sunlight since I bought it
+Lost all of my friends
+Spent almost $1000 on virtual pixels
+Learned how many immature 12 year olds have ed my mother
+Learned, that if you have no skins - you're either noob, or a smurf
+Died from the inside of all the P90s and autosnipers!Ever since buying this game, I have:
+Learned very fluent Russian and I'm able to communicate with other Russians
+Never seen the sunlight since I bought it
+Lost all of my friends
+Spent almost $1000 on virtual pixels
+Learned how many immature 12 year olds have ed my mother
+Learned, that if you have no skins - you're either noob, or a smurf
+Died from the inside of all the P90s and autosnipers!

m haah headshot potentialm haah headshot potential

Ever wanted to hear 20 year old men and 12 year old kids swear and insult each other over a microphone? Then this will be one of your favorite games.Ever wanted to hear 20 year old men and 12 year old kids swear and insult each other over a microphone? Then this will be one of your favorite games.

This game won't teach you group tactics... This game will teach you how to damn in Russian, German and Arabic.

10/10 would  Blyat  againThis game won't teach you group tactics... This game will teach you how to damn in Russian, German and Arabic.

10/10 would  Blyat  again

The revolver was good. Now it is kill.The revolver was good. Now it is kill.

The game is fun until you hit about Distinguished Master Guardian/Legendary Eagle. After that you continueously wonder what the  you are doing with your life but keep playing anyway. If that isn't enough to make you want to kill yourself, being matched with the daily random Russian per day might throw you off the edge with the three words in English he knows, none of which are helpful. And if you manage it through that hell hole then after those ranks enjoy replacing your peripherals every couple of weeks due to hackers and griefers not to mention the anger management classes you will be taking. Other than that, great game. Would spend all my money on skins/10.The game is fun until you hit about Distinguished Master Guardian/Legendary Eagle. After that you continueously wonder what the  you are doing with your life but keep playing anyway. If that isn't enough to make you want to kill yourself, being matched with the daily random Russian per day might throw you off the edge with the three words in English he knows, none of which are helpful. And if you manage it through that hell hole then after those ranks enjoy replacing your peripherals every couple of weeks due to hackers and griefers not to mention the anger management classes you will be taking. Other than that, great game. Would spend all my money on skins/10.

I loved this game. I hate it now. It's riddled with smurfs, hackers and outright trolls. I'm sick of it. On top of all this my ranking system is ed along with my matchmaking. I get placed with a team of trolls and idiots whilst the other team consists of 3 smurfs DMG on main. ing cheers valve. This game is unique and the gameplay and mechanics are fantastic. However the game is dragged down by screaming children and trolls. I'm silver 3 with 97 wins and about 90% of my friends that are terrible at the game are a higher rank. I'm not amazing but I'm pretty decent. I top frag every game and I still don't rank up. Yesterday, I played one game. My team were a bunch of 12 year olds and trolls and I was up against 2 smurfs. Thanks. I get kicked, because the trolls think it's funny to kick people for no reason and then guess what? The rank I just worked 40+ wins to get is gone. ing gone. I'm done with this game. My ranking system is glitched/ed and my matchmaking system is . Why am I so unlucky? Just why. ing unbelievable.I loved this game. I hate it now. It's riddled with smurfs, hackers and outright trolls. I'm sick of it. On top of all this my ranking system is ed along with my matchmaking. I get placed with a team of trolls and idiots whilst the other team consists of 3 smurfs DMG on main. ing cheers valve. This game is unique and the gameplay and mechanics are fantastic. However the game is dragged down by screaming children and trolls. I'm silver 3 with 97 wins and about 90% of my friends that are terrible at the game are a higher rank. I'm not amazing but I'm pretty decent. I top frag every game and I still don't rank up. Yesterday, I played one game. My team were a bunch of 12 year olds and trolls and I was up against 2 smurfs. Thanks. I get kicked, because the trolls think it's funny to kick people for no reason and then guess what? The rank I just worked 40+ wins to get is gone. ing gone. I'm done with this game. My ranking system is glitched/ed and my matchmaking system is . Why am I so unlucky? Just why. ing unbelievable.

Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the newest version of the well known game Counter-Strike.
Global Offensive has a lot of different game modes besides of the classic bomb defusal/hostage rescue scenarios.
Deathmatch, basically is about getting a lot of kills and dying as few times as possible. You will spawn at random space with your chosen weapons or random ones.
In Arms Race you have to get kills with every weapon. The fastest player wins.
Demolition can be a Bomb mission or hostage rescue on smaller maps compared to the regular bomb or hostage missions.
Competitive is the hardest and most interesting type and is only recommended for advanced players. You have to win a minimum 16 rounds to win the game. This gamemode may take up to 90 minutes. Communication is the key here to win.
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive also support ingame items, but it is a purely cosmetic thing.
You will also have a chance to support the game by buying special tickets for the so-called Operations". With an operation pass you will get access to newly released competitive mapsCounter-Strike: Global Offensive is the newest version of the well known game Counter-Strike.
Global Offensive has a lot of different game modes besides of the classic bomb defusal/hostage rescue scenarios.
Deathmatch, basically is about getting a lot of kills and dying as few times as possible. You will spawn at random space with your chosen weapons or random ones.
In Arms Race you have to get kills with every weapon. The fastest player wins.
Demolition can be a Bomb mission or hostage rescue on smaller maps compared to the regular bomb or hostage missions.
Competitive is the hardest and most interesting type and is only recommended for advanced players. You have to win a minimum 16 rounds to win the game. This gamemode may take up to 90 minutes. Communication is the key here to win.
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive also support ingame items, but it is a purely cosmetic thing.
You will also have a chance to support the game by buying special tickets for the so-called Operations". With an operation pass you will get access to newly released competitive maps

Indian CS:GO in a nutshell:

1.) Purchase CS:GO
2.) Beg for skins to every player on server in casual or MM
3.) Use public and private hacks to boost fellow indians
4.) Get VAC-banned like a boss and buy another CS:GO on other account. Jump to casual and use same hack showing small  is to all the people
5.) Play like , buying smoke and other nades but never using it on time.
6.) Votekick the person who is angry on his team and telling them to focus on minimap.
7.) Votekick the person who is noob.
8.) Votekick the team-person who is good player and owning enemy team without hack.
9.) Game sense like rice, no sound sense, network spikes to 500 ping but still awping, getting 10 fps on all maps.
10.) Scam other fellow Indian players because they can't afford the knives from their papa's pocket money.

10/10 game ing best ever.Indian CS:GO in a nutshell:

1.) Purchase CS:GO
2.) Beg for skins to every player on server in casual or MM
3.) Use public and private hacks to boost fellow indians
4.) Get VAC-banned like a boss and buy another CS:GO on other account. Jump to casual and use same hack showing small  is to all the people
5.) Play like , buying smoke and other nades but never using it on time.
6.) Votekick the person who is angry on his team and telling them to focus on minimap.
7.) Votekick the person who is noob.
8.) Votekick the team-person who is good player and owning enemy team without hack.
9.) Game sense like rice, no sound sense, network spikes to 500 ping but still awping, getting 10 fps on all maps.
10.) Scam other fellow Indian players because they can't afford the knives from their papa's pocket money.

10/10 game ing best ever.

arms race is just a camping game, casual is full of bronies and furries. the only thing that i would recommend is competitive with friends. Even if you guys are getting stomped you'll still have a few laughable moments, not for everyone but still a must get if it's on sale or somethingarms race is just a camping game, casual is full of bronies and furries. the only thing that i would recommend is competitive with friends. Even if you guys are getting stomped you'll still have a few laughable moments, not for everyone but still a must get if it's on sale or something

Best russian military simulator on the market.

You really get drawn into the atmosphere when your allies scream  BLYAD PIDERAS" 50+ times.
After an extensive session of CS:GO you really feel like you are half russian."Best russian military simulator on the market.

You really get drawn into the atmosphere when your allies scream  BLYAD PIDERAS" 50+ times.
After an extensive session of CS:GO you really feel like you are half russian."

Well, this game is amazing, and is very different from the past Counter Strikes. Graphics have improved alot, which I believe why many people love games because of their graphics. (Graphics aren't everything). As of the past Counter strikes, you would have to find a server with the particular gamemode that you want. (Arms race, Deathmatch etc etc) In CS-GO You wont have to worry about that, they have different gamemodes where you could actually choose to play in besides finding a server that has it. I have also notice that this is fairly alittle bit easier than any of the other counter strikes, probably since they reduce the recoil a bit? But either way, tap firing is always the key.

Also many Unique Features they have added in this game. First off, there are the skins. Many people disliked this idea since they probably thought CS-GO would be like" Call Of Duty. WellWell, this game is amazing, and is very different from the past Counter Strikes. Graphics have improved alot, which I believe why many people love games because of their graphics. (Graphics aren't everything). As of the past Counter strikes, you would have to find a server with the particular gamemode that you want. (Arms race, Deathmatch etc etc) In CS-GO You wont have to worry about that, they have different gamemodes where you could actually choose to play in besides finding a server that has it. I have also notice that this is fairly alittle bit easier than any of the other counter strikes, probably since they reduce the recoil a bit? But either way, tap firing is always the key.

Also many Unique Features they have added in this game. First off, there are the skins. Many people disliked this idea since they probably thought CS-GO would be like" Call Of Duty. Well

A great game.
It's not only competitive, it has side games in community servers like Trouble In Terrorist Town, Bunny Hopping, Surfing, etc.

This game can give you a great advancement in your mental state. You need patience to be an AWPer, You need extra time to train for weapon sprays, reaction time, aim, and just plain pratice to get better.

Casual:
10 on 10 Bomb Mission, great for getting to know the maps because if you are new and bad/and or do not kow what your doing nobody will care. Very Fun, and can meet some interesting Characters".

Demolition:
One of the mini type of gamemode in Counter Strike: GO.
This is a 5 on 5 Bomb Mission with only 1 bomb site. Once you get a kill the next round you upgrade to a better or worst weapon. I use this for pratice or if a friend needs help.

Arms Race (Gun Game):
This is a pretty old game mode with a new name. Your on a Team Death MatchA great game.
It's not only competitive, it has side games in community servers like Trouble In Terrorist Town, Bunny Hopping, Surfing, etc.

This game can give you a great advancement in your mental state. You need patience to be an AWPer, You need extra time to train for weapon sprays, reaction time, aim, and just plain pratice to get better.

Casual:
10 on 10 Bomb Mission, great for getting to know the maps because if you are new and bad/and or do not kow what your doing nobody will care. Very Fun, and can meet some interesting Characters".

Demolition:
One of the mini type of gamemode in Counter Strike: GO.
This is a 5 on 5 Bomb Mission with only 1 bomb site. Once you get a kill the next round you upgrade to a better or worst weapon. I use this for pratice or if a friend needs help.

Arms Race (Gun Game):
This is a pretty old game mode with a new name. Your on a Team Death Match

Odrastao uz Counter-Strike i preporucujem svima da predju sa 1.6 na CSGO, nije potrebno puno vremena da se naviknete na nesto malo drugaciji gameplay.Odrastao uz Counter-Strike i preporucujem svima da predju sa 1.6 na CSGO, nije potrebno puno vremena da se naviknete na nesto malo drugaciji gameplay.

hi iam 34 year man from somalia. i play this game to improv but tis not very good. first wen i start i do competitive and people tell go to b so i go to the b on teh wal. they then yell at me for look at wall ?? why the fk did they ask if they are just yell at me ???

also when iam start plae da gaem ppl keep kill me 1 shot to head and i get mad, but then i just stan back and say ' carm down es onli gaem  ' and i am stay calm . i lern from my pro fren who is silver 4 in-game that if i get mad i am fail and alway die. die is not good.

anyway i make it to silver 2 when i get good and that means i am not lowest rank !! I am going to try get silver 3 maybe but my fren in silver 4 is always gooder than me.

i like game and i rate it 10 out 10hi iam 34 year man from somalia. i play this game to improv but tis not very good. first wen i start i do competitive and people tell go to b so i go to the b on teh wal. they then yell at me for look at wall ?? why the fk did they ask if they are just yell at me ???

also when iam start plae da gaem ppl keep kill me 1 shot to head and i get mad, but then i just stan back and say ' carm down es onli gaem  ' and i am stay calm . i lern from my pro fren who is silver 4 in-game that if i get mad i am fail and alway die. die is not good.

anyway i make it to silver 2 when i get good and that means i am not lowest rank !! I am going to try get silver 3 maybe but my fren in silver 4 is always gooder than me.

i like game and i rate it 10 out 10

SlikFiya: I'm ing done
SlikFiya: I uninstalled csgo for real
Zombie Girl~<3: What  you off now
SlikFiya: I'm so ing done
SlikFiya: Why the  have I wasted my time with this
SlikFiya: 900 ing hours of t
SlikFiya: It's such a  ing game
Zombie Girl~<3: Like I said
SlikFiya: When I was first playing it was so good
Zombie Girl~<3: What  you off now?
SlikFiya: I played another match of CS
SlikFiya: I regret it
SlikFiya: And I'm mad about it
Zombie Girl~<3: Whhhhy?
SlikFiya: Because it is such a fun game at times
SlikFiya: But they don't make up for all the 
SlikFiya: So I'm moving on

1 month later I'm still playing on my smurf.SlikFiya: I'm ing done
SlikFiya: I uninstalled csgo for real
Zombie Girl~<3: What  you off now
SlikFiya: I'm so ing done
SlikFiya: Why the  have I wasted my time with this
SlikFiya: 900 ing hours of t
SlikFiya: It's such a  ing game
Zombie Girl~<3: Like I said
SlikFiya: When I was first playing it was so good
Zombie Girl~<3: What  you off now?
SlikFiya: I played another match of CS
SlikFiya: I regret it
SlikFiya: And I'm mad about it
Zombie Girl~<3: Whhhhy?
SlikFiya: Because it is such a fun game at times
SlikFiya: But they don't make up for all the 
SlikFiya: So I'm moving on

1 month later I'm still playing on my smurf.

ISIS Simulator 2016
I Rate 9/11ISIS Simulator 2016
I Rate 9/11

I hate this garbage game I'm gonna kill myselfI hate this garbage game I'm gonna kill myself

waste of timewaste of time

One of the best and most enjoyable Games to buy on Steam =) Also the Workshop for it always brings good content :DOne of the best and most enjoyable Games to buy on Steam =) Also the Workshop for it always brings good content :D

Old: I am an . CS 1.6 and CS:S were better!
________________________________________________________________

New: Okay, after people asking me: Hey AxelOld: I am an . CS 1.6 and CS:S were better!
________________________________________________________________

New: Okay, after people asking me: Hey Axel

Once again, Valve never fails to deliver an epic title such as Counter Strike. For years, the Counter Strike community was divided into two titles: Counter Strike: 1.6 and Counter Strike: Source. But now thanks to Valve's latest Counter Strike adition, we can finally bring back the family all together. The addition of skins are all bonuses that make Counter Strike: Global Offensive even more enjoyable, following Team Fortress 2's hat and drop system. The money being used for E-sports for the best to take place in. The competitive rank system that finally matches players equally based in terms of skill and tactic, as well as giving you the prestige for winning. The game is not perfect, but then again no game is. But what seperates most games from this one is the fact that the beloved developers of Hidden Path Entertainment are always listening to the fans while working together with the top players to try to achieve the perfect gameplay (although there are many features that could be similar to DOTA 2 to make it even better, but Valve will learn soon). Thanks to this game more and more people are joining the community of this game and we should all work so that this game, or should I say franchise becomes the best First Person Shooter series EVER!Once again, Valve never fails to deliver an epic title such as Counter Strike. For years, the Counter Strike community was divided into two titles: Counter Strike: 1.6 and Counter Strike: Source. But now thanks to Valve's latest Counter Strike adition, we can finally bring back the family all together. The addition of skins are all bonuses that make Counter Strike: Global Offensive even more enjoyable, following Team Fortress 2's hat and drop system. The money being used for E-sports for the best to take place in. The competitive rank system that finally matches players equally based in terms of skill and tactic, as well as giving you the prestige for winning. The game is not perfect, but then again no game is. But what seperates most games from this one is the fact that the beloved developers of Hidden Path Entertainment are always listening to the fans while working together with the top players to try to achieve the perfect gameplay (although there are many features that could be similar to DOTA 2 to make it even better, but Valve will learn soon). Thanks to this game more and more people are joining the community of this game and we should all work so that this game, or should I say franchise becomes the best First Person Shooter series EVER!

Don't buy it.Don't buy it.

Worst game ever, ever.Worst game ever, ever.

this game made me join isis
this game made me join isis


Just use The Awp.

10/10Just use The Awp.

10/10

its a good gameits a good game

I deliberately did not wanted to review this game after few hours of playing, cause i wanted to wait out all patches and updates to come out...
What to say about this game now after 667 hrs on record...best online FPS game for me!
Fair successor of CS 1.6 & Source
Still has some flaws and isues regarding cheaters but it will be solved eventually...
Buy this game its worth it...I deliberately did not wanted to review this game after few hours of playing, cause i wanted to wait out all patches and updates to come out...
What to say about this game now after 667 hrs on record...best online FPS game for me!
Fair successor of CS 1.6 & Source
Still has some flaws and isues regarding cheaters but it will be solved eventually...
Buy this game its worth it...

no hats 0/10

I deliberately did not wanted to review this game after few hours of playing, cause i wanted to wait out all patches and updates to come out...
What to say about this game now after 667 hrs on record...best online FPS game for me!
Fair successor of CS 1.6 & Source
Still has some flaws and isues regarding cheaters but it will be solved eventually...
Buy this game its worth it...

Headshot simulator.

The game itself : good.

The community : the worst. Your teammates are actually your ennemies. And while the griefers, trolls and smurfs are annoying they can somehow be dealt with. The biggest problem is that the higher up the ranks you go, the bigger the egos get. Insecure manchildren then turn into full on bullies making solo queue unbearable to play. The only solution is to somehow make friends and play with the decent people, which requires planning, 4 people of your own rank with the same availability, and doesn't then allow you to play casually" in competitive mode."

i wanted to kill myself while playing this game.

The servers have been lagging for weeks now and Valve ignores the problem.

This game gave me a 7 Day ban because my internet went out and I couldn't join back fast enough, piece of trash imo.

nice game


 FPS  :D   9/10
 9/10  Bug  Glitching   OK  

CS:GOCS:SCS:SCS:GO

I love to play Office Counter: Strike Source.  This game is great you have to stop the troops, and win the war.  My favorite rifle to buy is the pistol because it's free you should try out the pistol gun when you play.

10/10 Ruined my Life
Learned Polish and Russian enough. Have also heard enough of my mom's sex life.

Valve really needs to give more attention to the cheaters. There are too many and only few good overwatchers.

i ing want to kill myself everytime i play this game

CS:GOCS:SCS:SCS:GO

A great game that I definitely spend way too much time on, and certainly plan on spending even more time on in the future.

S lnge man ikke stder ind i russere eller hackere, s er det et dejligt spil! :)

Volvo has officially ran this game into the grave. Revolvo update and all the recent t has made this game terrible and not worth playing.

Very solid legacy to counter strike 1.6

Winter Update destroyed the Gameplay.
The R8 Revolver is unnecessary, and overpowered !

I dont recommend this game at its current state

+Lots of reaction time and skill based gameplay
+Constant updates to 'Team-Sided' maps
+Skins and Workshop support

-VAC misses a lot of cheaters through the loopholes
-Doesn't have same competitive rules as Dota 2, making it feel dated
-Keys and Drops are the Devil

They go pew pew, then you go pew pew. oh  times running out go defuse the bomb.

Feels gud man.

Its cool I guess.

Spray a 20 / 30 MAC10 rounds into someone from 2 ft away hit him for 2 shots and 20 - 30 damage, he no scopes with awp insta kills 110 damage... Jumps around wall and insta headshot kills you with the AK47...
AUG that as long as you ADS has no recoil...
I use to laugh and say at least you can't quickscope, its ing worse than cod, nearly everone who uses AWP, QS's and generally wins most gun fights since you can't run quickenough to evade them, 2 or 3 AWP users set in the right place wipes your team since they just spray the smoke grenades till they hit you, oh and the wallbang most cover too, still 1 hitting...

Fun for a few hours till I have to turn it off before I break my mouse or voice box screaming at my monitor how t he killed me or how he just pre fire wall jumps me and then kills 4 other guys all spraying him down with SMG's and AK's which he procedes to ignore and just act as if no one is hitting him...

What first started as a Half life mod became one of the most played games on steam...shows how you can really go from nothing to something

Pros
-Recoil
-Balanced maps (well most at least)
-Competitive Community
-You can run a game even with a crappy computer
-With the VAC system, Hackers get what they deserve
-Skill is required
-Community mods
-A special gun for everyone
-Footsteps
-Strategic in ways such as using flashes and smokes
-Easy to play and get into

Neutral
-Skins, many people will say how skins don't matter and they are 'opinional' but personally who would want to play with default skins, no one would use stock skins so Valve encourages people to 'buy' keys and gamble away their skins in uncasing and bets. I honestly don't know if this is a con or not since Valve does encourage people to put more money into skins than the game itself.

Cons
-Hackers
-Smurfs
-People can be salty
-Debatable if some guns are OP

Overall, the game is a fun game and worth your money although if I recommend it, you will probably get involved the gambling scheme Valve proposed. As most people say to me Skins are opinion

On Counter-Strike: Global Offensive since the announcement lay a huge responsibility. After all, the continuation of the legendary series of online shooters , a fan is a vast community will not tolerate the slag or just serednyachkovoy game. Benefit , Valve and not the studio that dares to disappoint their fans. Two years later, the clockwise and 691 held in opposition to the special forces and terrorists , I can proudly say that CS: GO is really failed. Even more than .

Before continuing my review , it is worth noting that the only worthwhile game mode and remains to this day a bomb clearance , ie confrontation 5x5 , 30 rounds of 1 min. 45 sec. , In which the attacker must detonate a bomb at certain points , and protection appropriate to allow this to happen. One of the major advantages is the fact that CS: GO this type of game ( with minor changes ) placed in a separate section of the menu called ' competitive mode ' . Introduced a system of titles that helps you find a match according to your skill. In CS 1.6 and CS: Source competitive mode by default absent and was available only on certain servers , specially tuned for this type of game.
The gameplay is not changed . Actually , nothing changed and is not required , a familiar mechanic works on hurray . Fixed characteristics of some weapons , something removed, something added to the overall picture it does not have nearly no effect. Shooting became more random, yes. But perhaps the most realistic FPS in the moment. If multiplayer shooter from you wait not fancy graphics and ballistics believable and interesting gameplay, then welcome to the CS: GO.
Valve managed to make an almost perfect balance of gaming devices. With proper skill you can neutralize the enemy with a much more powerful weapon . Pistol rounds in CS: GO is not known to sink without a chance and an opportunity to take the round even with poor economies .
But the most important advantage is the ratio of Valve to his fans . Almost every week there is a free upgrade , changing the gameplay for the better, in order to achieve a perfect balance . Approximately every six months out extensive additions cost 5-7 dollars with soccer fans cards that are available in the competitive mode. That's not counting skins for weapons that can get special opening drawers. In addition to all Valve maintains its competitive community , sponsoring tournaments large sums . And I am delighted that the number of people playing CS: GO, is increasing every day .
But on the other hand it is the community CS was for me the only problem in this game. Because it often turns into a competitive mode into a farce and mutual humiliation. The only solution - only play with friends.

Total we have a great continuation of one of the greatest franchises in history. To purchase required if gaming is important to you the gameplay itself . Best multiplayer shooter at this point, in my opinion.

- beardATTACK @ fren

Matchmaking sucks.
People quit way to often.
Never put with a full english speaking team.
Always got someone crying for a weapon drop.
Always one  chasing chickens.
The community is filled with 8 year old CoD fanboys.
Even if your the best, your a noob.
End up spending way to much money on skins that don't mater.
SO yeah,

15/10 best game I ever played.

I got shot.

10/10

Would get shot again.

No matter what I put here people are going to vote it down but for those that care, been playing the game for about a year and a half. The game only gets updated for new skins and knives. If it ever gets updated for anything it's because it's game breaking or a major complaint and even then it takes forever. IE the CZ75, a pistol, was more powerful than the rifles for awhile and it took them over half a year to actually fix it and even then they didn't test it and had to update it again to properly fix it.

The game was updated more to actually improve the game when it peaked at 20k playing per day.

Average Competitive match dialogue:

-You have connected-
-Russian 1 has connected-
-Russian 2 has connected-
-Russian 3 has connected-
-Russian 4 has connected-

Me: hey guys"
Russian 1 and 2: "blyat" ""
Me: "..."

-After Warm Up-

Me: "lets rush B"
Russian 2: "nyet"

-Whole team rushes mid-

Me: "Guys don't rush"
Russian 3: Muffled speaking

-30 mins later-
-score is 3-13-

Me: "Guys

Mevcutla yetinemeyen, Srekli iyilemeyi ve Gelimeyi hedefleyen, teknolojiyi etkin kullanan kiiliklere tavsiyedir. Oyunda Drop item mevcut ma sonlarnda drdnz itemleri Topluluk pazarnda satabiliyorsunuz. Bu oyun ile Hesabnza steam dolar kazandrabilirsiniz ve bu biriken dolarlarla kendinze yeni oyunlar almanza imkan sunuyor. oyunun oynanabilirlii ok iyi vuru hissi ok iyi gnden gne iyileiyor ve gncellemelerinde hi bir sknt yok. Global Offensive gerekten ok iyi artk 1.6 brakn arkadalar Dnya bu oyuna geti, ilginize teekkr eder iyi oyunlar dilerim Sayglarmla/Bestregards.

One of the worst games i have ever played. I got all the way to LEM and i can say these things about this piece of  game.

1: Smurfs. So many that its not even fun anymore. Once you are higher up in the ranks you will encounter at least 1 smurf per game and they will destroy you.

2: Hackers are very abundant all throughout the game. You will most likely run into a hacker at the very least once every 10 or so games. If you legit think that there are not many hackers in this game, you are sorely mistaken.

3: The community is worse than CoD's community nowadays. They will make t arguments about the guns, troll, among other things. It is sad just how low some can go, if you want to see that low, this is the game for it.

4: Horrid matchmaking system. I get it, you can only do so much, but from the amount of times I have been paired up with people i should not have, or been put into russians servers, its just stupid.

5: Boosting. So many horrible players have been boosted by their friends, or hackers, or both into the high ranks. Then when you play with them they are worse than a bot for your team.

6: 64 Tick servers and horrible hit reg problems. The servers are not good, you will encounter many times when you saw your bullet go through the person you were shooting at simply because what your client saw, and the server saw, are two different things. For a fast paced shooter such as csgo, that is very very bad.

All in all csgo was fun, i enjoyed it for a time. That time has long since past. This game could be one of the best of its kind if somebody showed it some proper TLC. Fixed up VAC, upgraded the servers. Helped prevent smurfing to some extent. Now im not somebody with their head in the clouds thinking that everything in this game could be fixed and it would be a perfect game. No, that is not realistic, some of the problems do need fixing though. Maybe one day Valve will care enough to solve them, but i find that to be highly doubtful. If you are looking to become angry, get violent with strangers and friends alike, want to have a stroke and lose your hair through either stress or you pulling it out yourself, this is the game for you.

Edit:As of 3/29/2016 there are even more hackers than before. Wallers are in about every 1 in 3 games. Most of them don't even bother hiding it that well due to bans being so avoidable in this game. Ever since polyhacks were released to the public people have been walling like crazy. Don't believe me? thats ok go look on m p g h and see the massive hacking community at work.

This game is FANTASTIC!!

First day playing csgo??? Not a big deal just local people
Same thing will happens till 1 month later.. First russian guy will join the server and go like pashul pashul na khuy bliyat".. and you say rush B and he go mid and get .. and still  not a big deal.. Right..?? OK 2 MONTH LATER!!!!.. 4 RUSSIAN join the server and only you is not russian they will go like "kick etogo pidara!!" AND then you got in kicked then csgo say Cooldown  7 days.. Still its not a big in deall.. then you in leave the game.. GG keep it up russians.."

This game is not good for its graphics, or its modes, or the sound design. No this is the pure definition of great gameplay and great level design. I've spend hours upon hours getting my  handed to me by the better players and I usually don't mind. It's all about aim, weapon control and above all else, good teamwork. If I had to choose one online first person shooter, it would be Counter-Strike Global Offensive.

This is not another FPS game... Is a COMPETITIVE FPS game.

Puternic rau de tot, imi place, yes.

It's a nice, fun and entertaining game but...

...-Russian kids that never heared anything from Skype, TS etc...
-s
-Scammers
-Idiots who scream all the ing time
-Losers without skill who call everyone noob while they died a long time ago with 0-5 points
-A point that can only be calles Learn how to spoken!"
-ink Idiiod
-Also spanish and french people always talking over VC...
-Bad music playing
-Hackers

ETC...

The community destroyed the game- experience for me... Sadly!"

I unboxed a $130 knife so i enjoy this game very much...

-me

Pros:
-The CS with improved esthetic changes and graphics.
-Different factions in each map with their unique voice lines.
-The skins that give another nice detail.
-The lot of custom maps you can play.
-The Deathmatch mode that allows you to practice instead of dying and wait 1 hour to the next round.

Cons:
-Limited time maps. (Operations, duh)
-Smurfs, cheaters, etc. that screw the game.
-Learning how to deal with the nasty recoil with certain weapons.
-PLAGUE PEOPLE (even your own teammates)

I recommend the game of course! But don't expect that CS:GO could garantee you sanity.

It's CS, of course it's good. :3

